oU2SSOmsp_A8JYI7Z2JJ5w	uYHaNptLzDLoV_JZ_MuzUA	4	llmdwOgDReucVoWEry61Lw	Location is everything and this hotel has it! The reception is inviting and open 24 hours. They are very helpful and have a lot of patience answering all my questions about where to go etc. there is also a lounge open 24 hours with snack-type food. Breakfast is continental-style so if you want heartier fare look elsewhere though you don't have to go far. The bus and train stations are right across the street so it's easy access to the airport or anywhere else you may want to go. Turn uphill to old town or cross the bridge to new town. The room with a view i got was spacious and comfortable though it's a bit of a maze to find it-just follow the signs. The windows are double paned so the room is quiet plus i was on the 5th floor which helps. It's a bit pricey but still one of the best values i found!	Free wifi and full on continental breakfast with eggs
oU2SSOmsp_A8JYI7Z2JJ5w	uYHaNptLzDLoV_JZ_MuzUA	4	llmdwOgDReucVoWEry61Lw	Location is everything and this hotel has it! The reception is inviting and open 24 hours. They are very helpful and have a lot of patience answering all my questions about where to go etc. there is also a lounge open 24 hours with snack-type food. Breakfast is continental-style so if you want heartier fare look elsewhere though you don't have to go far. The bus and train stations are right across the street so it's easy access to the airport or anywhere else you may want to go. Turn uphill to old town or cross the bridge to new town. The room with a view i got was spacious and comfortable though it's a bit of a maze to find it-just follow the signs. The windows are double paned so the room is quiet plus i was on the 5th floor which helps. It's a bit pricey but still one of the best values i found!	The cheap room advertised on the window is for basic room off-season
zXnH6W74FAJQ7q7b-NuBsA	uYHaNptLzDLoV_JZ_MuzUA	4	cUgvEy5wj7zYE68v1BzzVg	This is a fairly new property I think. It is a German company and has most of the amenities you would want. It is priced on the budget minded side so it won't break your bank. Location is really good. Near the Royal Mile and Waverley station without being too noisy. Very easy to walk to everything we wanted to do. Has WiFi but we did have to re-log in every day.	Good price, good location
xJisL5w4wOgiYLokGMT_IA	uYHaNptLzDLoV_JZ_MuzUA	4	dhl3ZW9aAEX_T7_um5tfaQ	Location location location! Motel One is just right in the middle of everything. To one side you have the New town and the main trains station ( and right in front of the airport bus) and on the other side the beautiful old town of Edinburg. The room was small but clean and with all you need. The bathroom was also small but nice and clean and the shower was big and good! Next to the bed there is a European plug (CC 7/7) so we actually didn't need to use our adapter. The beed was to hard for my back and I prefer the bed more soft, but I will still come back to Edinburgh and Motel One.	Nice location, but the beds are very hard against your back.
alTlRb9qMBX11pARX05Big	jQsNFOzDpxPmOurSWCg1vQ	3	jJaU6pbKkYgl15P-5zfg3A	Everything was good except Thai chicken wraps. Too much cilantro, absolute overkill. I think long stems is just yucky, cut them off!! Korean beef was ok but just missed the flavor I'm used to in this dish. Service is always spot on.	I always enjoy the variety of flavor they have in their dishes. They also change the menu around so I always try the newest ones.
cs6biPoaG9SmtVB44hU9Sw	jQsNFOzDpxPmOurSWCg1vQ	3	LP1OdCHa7DMVpbLhB4dgMg	Service is fast and on time. Love the online ordering-very convenient! Food is always hot and delicious. However...NO FORKS FOR TAKE OUT? That is poor management. Either you didn't order in time or there was a problem with the order...either way, hustle your booty to Walmart and buy a couple boxes: Unacceptable!	Pei Wei spicy chicken salad is one of the best salads in Surprise!
Ov-0pRQxz5fTTElFE-WtTQ	jQsNFOzDpxPmOurSWCg1vQ	5	1GVnTlLTCeR6Ew8z2D1EFw	What can I say, I'm a sucker for Pei Wei. When we lived in California, I heard the place was shut down. Glad to move back and see it open. Take out rocks, call ahead. They remember your phone number and name, so when you call they already know you. They also save your last order to ask if you want the same, or to add anything to it... Nice touch. I think I eat there too much! The only thing I don't like, and I think I'm the only one who doesn't like it, is the soda machine. Only because I always get a soda after someone has pumped out some nasty combination of orange soda and root beer, then I can taste it in my coke. Wish they had some filter system. Otherwise, I could eat here daily. Find me here at least once a week! :)	At least a 45 minute wait. Even call ahead is busy off the hook.
Ov-0pRQxz5fTTElFE-WtTQ	jQsNFOzDpxPmOurSWCg1vQ	5	1GVnTlLTCeR6Ew8z2D1EFw	What can I say, I'm a sucker for Pei Wei. When we lived in California, I heard the place was shut down. Glad to move back and see it open. Take out rocks, call ahead. They remember your phone number and name, so when you call they already know you. They also save your last order to ask if you want the same, or to add anything to it... Nice touch. I think I eat there too much! The only thing I don't like, and I think I'm the only one who doesn't like it, is the soda machine. Only because I always get a soda after someone has pumped out some nasty combination of orange soda and root beer, then I can taste it in my coke. Wish they had some filter system. Otherwise, I could eat here daily. Find me here at least once a week! :)	I'm so going to put all of my weight back on!!
Ov-0pRQxz5fTTElFE-WtTQ	jQsNFOzDpxPmOurSWCg1vQ	5	1GVnTlLTCeR6Ew8z2D1EFw	What can I say, I'm a sucker for Pei Wei. When we lived in California, I heard the place was shut down. Glad to move back and see it open. Take out rocks, call ahead. They remember your phone number and name, so when you call they already know you. They also save your last order to ask if you want the same, or to add anything to it... Nice touch. I think I eat there too much! The only thing I don't like, and I think I'm the only one who doesn't like it, is the soda machine. Only because I always get a soda after someone has pumped out some nasty combination of orange soda and root beer, then I can taste it in my coke. Wish they had some filter system. Otherwise, I could eat here daily. Find me here at least once a week! :)	Just placed my order online. Lets hope it works!! I've missed eating here!
Ov-0pRQxz5fTTElFE-WtTQ	jQsNFOzDpxPmOurSWCg1vQ	5	1GVnTlLTCeR6Ew8z2D1EFw	What can I say, I'm a sucker for Pei Wei. When we lived in California, I heard the place was shut down. Glad to move back and see it open. Take out rocks, call ahead. They remember your phone number and name, so when you call they already know you. They also save your last order to ask if you want the same, or to add anything to it... Nice touch. I think I eat there too much! The only thing I don't like, and I think I'm the only one who doesn't like it, is the soda machine. Only because I always get a soda after someone has pumped out some nasty combination of orange soda and root beer, then I can taste it in my coke. Wish they had some filter system. Otherwise, I could eat here daily. Find me here at least once a week! :)	Kids have Panda I'll have Pei Wei!!
MFKjHdwguK0kDzNteF07_A	jQsNFOzDpxPmOurSWCg1vQ	2	ULJhNKA4iikk9fVyvfPHqA	Just dirty ... Sometimes I wonder why we come back here. At the register the girl handed me a cup. There was particles of food on the inside. I handed it back and said "It's dirty, I'll take a different one." She put the dirty cup back with the other 'clean' cups. I stopped and restated "No. It's DIRTY, you probably shouldn't give it to someone else." (Shaking my head)	Lower expectations ... Long wait, and there was chicken and carrot in my Mongolian beef ... Sloppy kitchen =(
NtkMuGqcis30GjAkq91etA	dwQEZBFen2GdihLLfWeexA	5	IBCTqmvwvd5ZqQhuvFDNXg	Terrific service. The place was packed, but we were seated right away. Chips and salsa on the table as we were seated. Great food, big portions, fast service.	This place is nice so give it a try.
kqsBiDRm1u34Q0RqN62QIA	dwQEZBFen2GdihLLfWeexA	5	eGtRHSII_uNGVELSxjYNSA	If you have a hankering for Mexican, head on over to don tequilas. Fast service and delicious food with generous portions. We ordered the Guadalajara special tamale and the pollo adobe and they were both delicious.	If you are in the mood for Mexican, try this place!
xU3FI_O1XrjGRzOiFWvjBw	dwQEZBFen2GdihLLfWeexA	4	ysv7Ynllze9TV3GkzF0D3g	Very good, reasonable priced . The Texas quesadilla with chicken, Steak, shrimp, onion, peppers and cheese was large and very good They have Dos Equis on draft!	They give plenty of tortilla chips with salsa try the chorizo cheese dip
ciFYbNSdhRpHW0LofmmeEQ	dwQEZBFen2GdihLLfWeexA	5	UR_LseKj5wZjLo-tCwwMIg	We came here for the first time to celebrate my birthday. We ate a ton of fresh chips in advance of the meal, the salsa was pretty mild. I had the Chori pollo, which is a burrito with chorizo and chicken with rice. Man, it was amazing. Hot and spicy with peppers, I took some of the huge portion home and ate it the next day. The service was seriously, amazingly fast for a group of 4, and they kept our drinks regularly filled.	If you like spicy salsa, you can ask for it! It builds on you, for sure.
mPfLvSeRYqdQxJQk5ANVUg	dwQEZBFen2GdihLLfWeexA	5	5DOAfsOxp0zfhMjR2PdFgw	Yum!!! I love this place! Come almost every Friday. Try the Chicken Chili Verde, my first favorite dish. My new favorite, Burrito Chipotle!!!! So delicious! Don't forget the margaritas!! :)	Enjoying some chips and salsa with a strawberry daiquiri before my burrito chipotle arrives!
mPfLvSeRYqdQxJQk5ANVUg	dwQEZBFen2GdihLLfWeexA	5	5DOAfsOxp0zfhMjR2PdFgw	Yum!!! I love this place! Come almost every Friday. Try the Chicken Chili Verde, my first favorite dish. My new favorite, Burrito Chipotle!!!! So delicious! Don't forget the margaritas!! :)	Yum!!! I love this place! Come almost every Friday. Try the Chicken Chili Verde, my first favorite dish. My new favorite, Burrito Chipotle!!!! So delicious! Don't forget the margaritas!! :)
I7nW8TNt7h4Q6NnsJg3roA	dwQEZBFen2GdihLLfWeexA	4	SgUSVEETtE_HcBmeKAsN_w	Service is great. Food is texmex and very good. I wish they offered black beans, I'm from California where black beans are popular. Margaritas are great, I got a buzz from two. The place was busy. Mexican families were here and that's a plus.	Service is great. Food is texmex and tasty. I wish they offered black beans. I'm from California where black beans are popular in Mexican Rest. there. Margaritas are very good. I got a nice buzz on two.
YBbNemmB8wWbKGr6V3bCAA	dwQEZBFen2GdihLLfWeexA	1	z6wG7RrcONWJlxE8AJypeg	This will probably be my last review of this location. I was at don tequila yesterday & the cashier was talking to me but I couldn't understand so I laughed it off. He told me I looked sexy today and said something else. I said thanks and laughed so that he wouldn't be offended. He came around the counter and walked up on me then hugged me so I assume he was asking for a hug. He then whispered in my ear that he just wanted to feel my breast on his chest. Seriously....I don't feel like I need to wear jeans and sweaters in the summer because he is a pervert. It was very disrespectful and unprofessional and I feel uncomfortable eating there anymore.	I come here for the tostadas
09jpZrKD_j0SG9WPBDSJQg	dwQEZBFen2GdihLLfWeexA	4	3v3S0lYInTbqeN-lBh9VNA	Went on a saturday night on the first night of summer, and had a party of 12. We were sat almost immediately. Went there because they had catered a party of a friend of mine. Our server was professional, and bilingual. But you could totally understand him and had a cool accent. Americanized i suppose. They do not use a POS system but use an old paper check system...so separate checks becomes an issue. They put tons of chips and salsa in front of you...the chips are super crunch but almost no salt, and the salsa was bland for my taste. I had the el paso speciai; beef tip burrito and chicken burrito w/ rice and beans. All came out hot but a little watery. Dunno where that came from. But I did ask for lettuce/tomato set as it did not come with any in or on it. Kids food came out fast, they did have the world cup and that seemed to distract the waiters...but as far as Mexican food goes it was pretty good for Mentor.	On of the better Mexican places in Mentor.
o82jtAsa6rSgkl2jQIKfPA	dwQEZBFen2GdihLLfWeexA	5	2pfPmMCXr3KEdHlO7k_N-g	Tacos al pastor--delish! Salsa and guacamole was very fresh! Refried beans were super good. Service was friendly and fast. Beer was cold and the bathroom was clean. What more can you ask for?	Tacos al pastor--delish! Salsa and guacamole was very fresh!
A-zo2jSQDnTgIoJg0sFevg	mr4FiPaXTWlJ3qGzp4-7Yg	5	WAzEW9fg-zy_eHE3_kRKeA	I'll be frank: the only way we could afford this place was due to a gift certificate from a generous wedding guest. However, the food was right on the money. Good flavor; prompt service. If you have the money, go!	You can make your reservation online! No unwanted human interaction!
Oxe8DXjBOi6C-cR2w64zOg	mr4FiPaXTWlJ3qGzp4-7Yg	4	1goCEpy95A_Vxyo-IT1Yag	Is the food at Table 17 excellent? Yes. Is that enough for me to give it five stars? No. I've been twice, once for dinner and once for brunch. On both occasions my meals were delicious, fresh and expertly prepared and presented. Wine and coffee top notch also! Yet, I still left hungry, and somewhat frustrated. Why? The portion sizes at Table 17 are just too small, even for the average appetite. Add in frankly exorbitant costs, and it becomes clear that this place just ... well, just could be so much better. My French toast for brunch was served with about five berries -not even a salad - and must have amounted to about three slices of bread in total. $10 before tax. The dinner menu was infuriating in its unnecessary pretentiousness. It took me about five readings of the menu to actually understand what was on offer. Less of the fancy culinary jargon and arbitrary French/Italian synonyms for basic food items, please. My chicken mushroom tagliatelle was flawless as it was - was there really any need to describe it as "Hen of the woods (is that the new word for chicken?!) hedgehog mushrooms, with tarragon beurre fondue"?! Again I must reiterate the pricing. Two mains, one shared side and a glass of wine came to $70. Thankfully, the friendly service and general lively ambiance is spared the unnecessary pretensions of the menu. And if the food continues to be mouth-wateringly delicious (and trust me, it is), then I can't see why I wouldn't return to Table 17, for a special occasion. This restaurant could be a true five-star establishment, if only it had bigger portions and a more down-to-earth, straightforward menu, that would allow the world-class food to speak for itself.	This restaurant is more affordable when you have a flyer/coupon. Check out red flag deals, etc.
XXxrsJ3KpTFybcBFpZLYiQ	mr4FiPaXTWlJ3qGzp4-7Yg	4	dNrRyGjK9ur9UBZGMeBWyA	Was here for my first time just last week. Loved it. It was highlighted by the Soft Shell Crab and the Hunter's Mash. Also tried my first pint of Chambly on a recommendation from the bartender. I will be hunting this beer down in other restaurants I visit. Also, they are very quick to respond to any questions you have via Twitter.	The wheat beer, Chambly, is as good as advertised. It came highly recommended from the bartender.
HFItzRohDHZvcKDrM6ABZg	mr4FiPaXTWlJ3qGzp4-7Yg	3	650QSmmJ_MaF4WN1V_gFZA	"Table 17 is the rare restaurant that's both a neighbourhood hangout and a culinary destination," is the opening line as you land on their homepage, a quote from Toronto Life from 2013. That's a tall order to fill and sets the standards high. I wasn't a fan of Table 17 back then and I'm not surprised that my most recent dining experience was no different. It satisfies the former part of the claim (being a neighbourhood hangout) but is far from being a culinary destination. The kitchen seems to work along at its own pace which errs on the side of slow while servers try their hardest to service the two-roomed restaurant. While I wouldn't say they're under-staffed I often found myself turning my head in all directions to flag our server down. A meal at Table 17 errs on the side of pricey and while I have had many expensive meals in my lifetime as a food blogger; this one definitely errs on the side of overrated. I've always lived by the mantra that if a restaurant's bread was not up to snuff that it would be an omen of the meal to follow. Such was the case with the baguette sloppily appearing at our table; one has to ask for the communal balsamic vinegar and olive oil bottles because the servers can't be bothered to offer it. Oysters come with a trio of condiments; two mignonettes and the standard horseradish. We opt for the halibut ceviche which, with its pretty plating is a disappointment as it turns out to be bland and flavorless. The saving grace are the pea shoots, flavored with a peanut, chili and lime vinaigrette that is stellar and full-flavored. I would happily eat a plate full of that as an appetizer. For our mains we settle on an Ontario leg of lamb; which came deboned and served atop a bed of fava beans, roasted spring onion and butter poached black trumpet mushrooms. Our table of 3 simultaneously shared a single thought - where's the rest of it? To add insult to injury, the lamb was lukewarm (and the reason was in no way attributed to my occupational hazard of photographing the dish). The Lake Erie pickerel is equally disappointing as we begin to pick at our food by this point. The radish fennel & grapefruit "salad" which to me resembles more of a slaw is bland and lacking oomph. Our dinner suddenly finds salvation in the Spaghetti Al Anatra; its texture loosely reminding me of ramen cooked to a perfect al dente as the duck confit does its magic at flavoring the dish. The crispy duck skin is a little scant but we happily devour the noodles. Side dishes are available à la carte and we opt for the sautéed kale. It's nothing to write home about but gives us our daily dose of vegetables. As with most things, what goes up must come down and in aviation-speak our dinner had a hard landing. A dark chocolate torte that was reminiscent of a two-bite brownie drizzled in cheap store-bought chocolate sauce with some berries thrown on top. The Panna-Colada was equally pedestrian as it loosely resembled those cheap complimentary desserts you'd get at the end of a Chinese dinner - all gelatin and not much else. The message at the end of the day is - don't let the appearances at Table 17 fool you. While everything looks great from the outside, the experience lacks substance. Our meal with 2 glasses of wine and 3 coffees came just shy of $300. Suffice it to say, this will be the last time I dine at Table 17.	Make reservations ahead of time!
FTNaQZ3t0dsVWw1WZUQGFg	mr4FiPaXTWlJ3qGzp4-7Yg	4	IN36oY4LbL3Ts_yXXBRTmw	Quite a great meal. Came early and even though we booked using OpenTable and it was busy, we were allowed to sit. Special was Foie gras and said yes before the words were out of the servers mouth. Shared tartare and it was glorious with a very large hint of moutarde, but U dug it. Shoulder of Ontario lamb was great with a hint of mint in the salsa verde. I'm not a dessert guy but the Gateau Elvis with chocolate, caramelized bananas and peanut butter was awshum. Nice wine list. Will return soon. Only thing hindering a 5-star is the fact that we had to top up our own wine a couple times.	Steak tartare and leg of lamb are fantastic.
U_6JkfbEYRG-lb4pbbtlLA	mr4FiPaXTWlJ3qGzp4-7Yg	4	NyYZ78XcczwgmXPqUc8cwg	My girlfriend took me here for my birthday what a surprise! I had their fresh oysters which were incredible tasted like they were fresh out of the ocean. What I loved the most here was their own homemade olive oil, simply the best olive oil I have tried I can just sit there the whole day having their freshly baked baguettes dipping in their basalmic vinegar and olive oil. Glad my girlfriend showed me this little place book a reservation today you wont regret it!	Too bad you can't buy their olive oil I tried
uf95iifC_TQ-DtDs0rtiXg	JB8-8TtNYX-vLqN7cz-zHA	4	tegon_HXy6YneQJ4-Y5h4Q	Great fresh burgers seared on a flat-top, and excellent fresh-cut fries and poutines, served up by an owner who cares. Freshly-ground daily, a 4oz. scoop of AAA beef is dropped on the flat top then smashed flat and seared until it's nicely crusted, then served on a sesame seed bun. The beef is juicy and flavourful, but not dripping with grease, like some places. Mark the owner tells me that he purposely set out to make decadent angus burgers, trying to keep it healthy, without sacrificing flavour. Their poutine is huge, featuring thinner fresh cut potatoes, double-fried and topped with legit fresh white cheese curds and delicious beefy gravy. *Don't forget to check-in to take advantage of the 15% discount special. In a city where gourmet burger places are popping up every day, this is one of the good ones. Definitely check it out and help keep this place alive, we need to keep joints like this around and successful.	Flat-top burgers and fresh-cut fries, and the owner is a really nice guy. After the death of Sinners Burgers, I hope this joint does well and sticks around so I can enjoy many more meals here. Add sauteed onions for extra flavour, and the poutine features fresh curds!
YnYcJQgeoLt2AW5Zi8quig	JB8-8TtNYX-vLqN7cz-zHA	5	7iL5lmSEjKhxgmCuUrVpHw	The dude here is the nicest guy. Knew everything about the food and made us feel welcome. Burgers were amazing and worth the extra money. Skip Harvey's for this.	Great guy! Great burgers!
D98mJS9A8r-coH37lZjnjw	JB8-8TtNYX-vLqN7cz-zHA	5	svPvZfknc8mtDB4icvwBdA	Honestly the best burger joint I've ever been too, hands down! I came here a couple months ago for the first time. I ordered the Sorry Eh burger and told them I prefer no egg and they were more then glad to leave it out. The feta poutine was amazing as was the Nutella milkshake! Very friendly owner and the other guy was as well! Keep up the good work and wish you all the best in the future!	Honestly the best burger joint I've ever been too, hands down!
TsBUWbhRhuiEMXb56kL0Cg	MKd_EUD0PG__cOfIbeqYAg	4	KiGRD0ZhuDF1K1xLc0jjGA	This place is ridiculously cute, colorful, and cozy, with a huge selection of loose leaf teas. They offer teas by the pot only, except for iced teas (during warm months) which come by the cup. They range from $3 to $4 per pot depending on how fancy the tea is. The staff here has been friendly every time I've been. They are always keen on offering suggestions if you ask! Last time, I was struggling between going for a fruity tea vs. a chocolatey tea, and the girl working suggested this chocolate peppermint tea blend that was not on the menu but that she had made for herself the other day. I tried it, and it was AMAZING! My experiences with the food here (from at least a year ago) have been great as well. They have their own pastries as well as a selection from a nearby bakery. Savory offerings include grilled cheeses, soups, and sometimes specials. One small gripe I have is that their teapots tend to, for whatever reason or another, leak some tea leaves and residue when you pour into your cup. I suspect it's because the filter is not super fine and so small bits from the tea mixture can fall through. It's never been a major problem, though. You can always find fun, seasonal specialty drinks here too (e.g. hot apple cider in the fall), in addition to coffee, if tea isn't your thing. Newspapers and reading materials are usually available to pick up, and there are board games in the back. This is a great place for a rainy (or cold) day!	ask for the the chocolate peppermint mix (black tea). delicious!!
135DbbQnr3BEkQbBzZ9T1A	MKd_EUD0PG__cOfIbeqYAg	4	8FvVPvTaMJAM5drD18JxAA	I dropped by Te Cafe a week ago with CM to check out their offerings. As a tea lover, having passed it many times on Murray, I'd long been curious about it. My friends who live nearby never wanted to go, however, since they prefer Dobra Tea across the street. Last week, CM wanted to get a hot beverage in the area, and he was game for checking it out, so I was able to do so. When we went to order, the menu had loose leaf teas listed by type (columns) and by grade (rows), which determined their price. While you can buy them by the cup, if you're with other people or you're planning on hanging out for awhile, it usually makes more sense to get a pot, since each pot provides 2-3 infusions, and hot water is free. We decided on a pot of the milk (?) oolong ($4.50), recommended by the barista, which was on the lighter side and was quite pleasant. Once we'd had a pot and refilled it with hot water for a second infusion, we also got a pesto grilled cheese sandwich with tomato as a snack ($4.75), which was crisp and super-flavorful (thanks for the recommendation, fellow Yelpers!), and complemented the tea well. My favorite part of Te Cafe, however, was the board games that can be found on the back shelf and front table. Unfortunately, not all of them are complete, as CM and I found out when we picked up the Ultimate Scenario Game (?), but those that are make for a fun time! We ended up playing dominoes--which I'd never played with as a game before (just setting them up in rows and knocking them down ;-) ). Since the first two games went quickly, with each of us winning one, we played best out of three. The last game went on to the point I thought we were going to run out of dominoes, but I eventually won. Yay! While I understand my friends' preference for Dobra, given that they have a more extensive menu of tea and snacks and a more unique Asian tea house-like atmosphere, I enjoyed Te Cafe for a change of pace. I'd definitely return for another visit in the future to sample more interesting teas--and to play another round of dominoes!	The board games make this place for me!
hcZqq-a16ZTjaM2p2MljTg	MKd_EUD0PG__cOfIbeqYAg	4	uKl2HGMPzg2CazrvXYC6YQ	Mulled Apple Cider Tea. Deliciousness in a hot steaming cup. Lots of space to lounge in. Friendly service.	The mulled apple cider tea is so good
0zwj4cI7rhhQM9Ck8ZnIGg	MKd_EUD0PG__cOfIbeqYAg	5	hHbG4oTPwLcrl2MZ20Af0Q	I love this place, it's become my go-to take out sushi place. The owners are very friendly people, the atmosphere is charming and quiet, the tea is very delicious and varied, and the sushi is excellent at a cheap price. I come here at least once a week now.	Order online and build your own roll!
5JOP01e-jC-N3OrnevM7bA	xOx-N9G7AteZTnZfVFfNHA	2	DoOr0Vsn9cxwzU9M-HPQFQ	So I know Christy's is a Madison tradition with those lovely views of Lake Waubesa. But this place is a one-track pony... location, location, location. This is a family-owned bar/restaurant and the owners know they have a captive audience. The beer is cold and the food is average, but the service is atrocious. On a recent beautiful Saturday afternoon, there were only two servers for the outside seating area. There's no host, so we (4 adults and 1 kid) sat at a picnic table and proceeded to wait at least 10 minutes to no avail. We eventually went inside to order drinks and lunch. At no time during our visit did a server ever approach our table. I'd certainly be inclined to write off this awful experience to a bad day or poor staffing, but unfortunately this is more the rule rather than exception. One really weird thing is the Friday Fish Fry that features a special menu available ONLY inside, this isn't communicated very well; so you'll grab a table outside, wait to order only to learn you can only order from the pizza/sandwich menu.	If you go for Friday Fish Fry, get a table inside as the fish fry menu is not available outside.
d5WLqmTMvmL7-RmUDVKqqQ	xOx-N9G7AteZTnZfVFfNHA	4	c3Qu6sAMJTOgwyjnWbFhMQ	Great volleyball courts! The sand is soft but at night, some of the lights will shine right in your face and obstruct your view while you're playing. There is a hose and area to rinse off afterwards, by the dock facing the beautiful, glistening Lake Waubesa. A cherry bomb will run you $7 and a Vodka 7 will run you about $5 or so. Be careful when you order the pizza, you start with either a 12" ($8.99) or 16" ($10.99) cheese and each topping is $1.50! My friends and I weren't aware of that and got a little carried away when we got our tab for all the drinks, pizza and wings was just under $100! On Monday nights they have a AYCE taco bar with ground beed and chicken, as well as assorted toppings. The pico de gallo was very fresh, the shredded romaine was crisp, and the salsa had a nice bite to it. Every time you were ready for more, just ask the nice bartender to give you more shells (corn hard shell or soft flour tortillas).	$9.99 for a Buffalo Chicken Wrap, sides not included (yeesh!)
d5WLqmTMvmL7-RmUDVKqqQ	xOx-N9G7AteZTnZfVFfNHA	4	c3Qu6sAMJTOgwyjnWbFhMQ	Great volleyball courts! The sand is soft but at night, some of the lights will shine right in your face and obstruct your view while you're playing. There is a hose and area to rinse off afterwards, by the dock facing the beautiful, glistening Lake Waubesa. A cherry bomb will run you $7 and a Vodka 7 will run you about $5 or so. Be careful when you order the pizza, you start with either a 12" ($8.99) or 16" ($10.99) cheese and each topping is $1.50! My friends and I weren't aware of that and got a little carried away when we got our tab for all the drinks, pizza and wings was just under $100! On Monday nights they have a AYCE taco bar with ground beed and chicken, as well as assorted toppings. The pico de gallo was very fresh, the shredded romaine was crisp, and the salsa had a nice bite to it. Every time you were ready for more, just ask the nice bartender to give you more shells (corn hard shell or soft flour tortillas).	AYCE $7.99 taco bar on Monday night!
VvwrCpL2_uMrRumFWo7nLQ	xOx-N9G7AteZTnZfVFfNHA	2	2KoVbCwHp49aUnvflElEbw	Enjoyed a beautiful day on the patio last Sunday listening to the Blue Olives (they're great!) and sipping beer. Ordered the nacho's and was fully disappointed-a somewhat small pile of flavorless corn tortillas and minimal cheese, chicken, peppers, and a clump of black olives. It appeared to have been placed briefly under a hot broiler as the top was charred and any buried shredded cheese was unmelted. The result was a very dry dish that required multiple cups of salsa to provide flavor and moisture. Note: This review was written during the summer of 2014 but I just found it in my Drafts-- sorry for the delay!	Enjoyed a beautiful day on the patio listening to the Blue Olives (they're great!) and sipping beer. Ordered the nacho's and was fully disappointed-a somewhat small pile of flavorless corn tortillas and minimal cheese, chicken, peppers, and a clump of black olives. It appeared to have been placed briefly under a hot broiler as the top was charred and any buried shredded cheese was unmelted. The result was a very dry dish that required multiple cups of salsa to provide flavor and moisture.
6hi7gWjaIYC51ZlmrXmevA	n5pocJmLE0vI3uskJcZIFg	5	eDYRSJ7YVMZ3mKd7_zv5tw	Again.... Les has worked his magic on me. Just 1 visit & already I have less pain & more mobility in my injured knee.	What a difference just 1 visit made with Les!!
OW0PZxoGFGSOthAmN_cSUg	_mqUzNXs_sJ1EJYgYZYszg	5	zFXJ1g4xkD4-WLANb_7tkQ	The Lunch Lounge is absolutely delicious and fresh! Everyone is always there with a smile on their faces serving up yummy sandwiches, wraps, and salads. I haven't had one thing on the menu that I have not enjoyed. It is the perfect mom n pop shop of a deli!	Very yummy sandwiches, lots of smiles from the employees!
XQfRpQv5q0uiP95QzIynug	_mqUzNXs_sJ1EJYgYZYszg	4	S22_jgLFNA8AQyGM5SusMg	Really good sandwich. I love having my lunch here. I usually buy Veggie Sandwich and I ask them to grill it. Tastes really good and affordable too.	Really good sandwich. I love having my lunch here
BS7etqD8Y2_zgZdFQWMliA	_mqUzNXs_sJ1EJYgYZYszg	4	LV_chTALhXSNHwkpgCybbw	This place is located in a prime spot for travelers as well as office workers. The menu is a diverse and creative mix on standard lunch box fare. Whether it is breakfast or lunch you can't go wrong with trying this place for a simple, but gourmet, breakfast sandwich or a dressed up salad for lunch. I only gave them four stars for this type of venue because I felt they were a bit understaffed when I arrived around 10am. Don't hold this against them. It was a bit of a wait for a sandwich but the quality is well worth the wait. The dill on the breakfast sandwich was a nice touch. The outdoor seating was nice on a cool morning.	This place is great for a good gourmet breakfast or lunch without the gourmet prices.
QQ7sxRNs0A4uFK6pQE4AYw	wtazPNyIbsRMHmrpEYbqZA	3	bQH4t-oqo-5JUlTLq_pn1w	I really enjoy Jamaican food and was excited to see a Golden Krust in Charlotte. The food was average and I didn't get to try the items I really wanted or any patties. I came in at 11:15 and they told me that most of the menu wouldn't be out til noon. I may come back to try the patties.	Don't expect patties and the full menu to be ready before 12pm!
FSJDnMPHNOpZrqR1wHp53A	wtazPNyIbsRMHmrpEYbqZA	3	8qWThGPh_hFoUBLzonAKPA	Love the veggie patties, when they are available...haven't really eaten anything else there.	Go early for the chicken, beef, or veggie patties! They go faster than hot cakes!
7U3H1iJZ04FbadJtt2Npjg	wtazPNyIbsRMHmrpEYbqZA	3	mLpQ8o2UVydo5SIYPicYkg	The roti here is an improvement on the other Jamaican restaurants I've eaten at in Charlotte. I'm from Brooklyn, so I'm used to having maximum food for a great price. Not so in Charlotte, for the minimal amount of oxtail, the price could be a bit lower. There is no reason to pay a high price for lots of rice and cabbage but a scoop of oxtail. I'm definitely not expecting oxtails to dominate the plate, but the serving my daughter had was enough to convince me I won't be getting anything other than beef patties here. That is, when they actually have any available.	Don't have your heart set on patties, they sell out constantly
6pzA8EDhHgW3A5-rBObhBA	OQcvO5P3gH0cuJ-bPXwfQQ	5	6SaVHkF1qwexY-nbGaxlPg	Craving for authentic Mexican Food and feeling adventurous and out of your comfort zone. Gotta try this humble and family operated place. Everything I had was simply delicious and would go out of my way to venture in this neighborhood for Tacos and Mexican food The cashier/server was very friendly and asked if it was my first time here. She answered my questions and made me feel welcomed. I originally was going to order Tacos only but the enchilada combo grab my attention and got the combo with a single order of Carne Asada Taco on the side because I had to get a taco too. When the order finally arrived at my table. I got the three different salsas that was available at the salsa bar. From the first bite of my taco and enchiladas 1-beef & 2-chicken combination along with the fresh salsas. Every bite was amazingly flavorful and authentic. The whole experience was great and felt like I was taking a short vacation in Mexico!	Authentic and delicious Mexican Food that is family owned and operated with awesome customer service.
yvWZJA-h-UEC_Xf51eE0OQ	OQcvO5P3gH0cuJ-bPXwfQQ	5	2mEJoiRnFmlyJKe10lpi_w	Amazing, fresh and inexpensive! First time here and I love it.	Amazing, fresh and inexpensive! First time here and I love it.
nbVr7Q8j48hBODKrMOZdKQ	OQcvO5P3gH0cuJ-bPXwfQQ	5	ulzjicEUXoVff3d7VWzkeA	Bomb! Fresh ingredients! Yummy to my tummy! I would highly recommend this gem. This meal hit the spot, next time I'll try the enchiladas.....	Bomb! Fresh ingredients! Yummy to my tummy! I would highly recommend this gem.
DgrIg1OR7arL8tVRiZ-psA	rPiS3Vt3usEE8tkDQNrObg	3	UPuJxZbXmDrkzQJEo_S5mA	Great selection of hockey stuff, jerseys and gift stuff. Pricey, but if you want hockey stuff, they have it. You enter here upon existing the Hockley Hall of Fame, or you can enter from the indoor mall. Food and drink are just outside if you are exhausted and thirsty.	Great selection of hockey stuff and memorabilia
gTWPMVLcOrTb3OSy0XgTGw	TFDT0ueZ3b3uyyMzhJFHTA	5	VRx9QZhMV0JmUIwYdYWftQ	Love the place. Been going for years. The coffee is really good too. I always get the special meal and my wife the dosa. Both are great.	Love the place. Been going for years. The coffee is really good too.
348o9qgR_hiNe25Rs-CDsw	TFDT0ueZ3b3uyyMzhJFHTA	1	COoskhNoQrbjpcxCh5BdYA	This place has lost my vote completely .... Used to be an awesome South Indian buffet for breakfast with hot kaapi served with idli dosa and wada and a background music of suprabhatam to augment your weekend into a bliss... But off late the service is unbearable... I used to go as the food was atleast better than the others... Today the food also was a huge let down! Sambhar with no sambhar aroma just daal with tempering of curry leaves and mustard seeds and idli, dosa, wada all undercooked and stone like texture and not to mention cold ..... And a background music of titanic? Really? This has to be a management issue.. Even the rava upma was disastrous ... The table was not even served water! I would just like to add is this restaurant was special to me and I used to come here very often... This is a yelp alert to other people to avoid this place and not to get their heart broken like me! If you are still thinking to try this place let me tell you they don't have gulab jun the only star entry of this place and have some cheap kesari... Thank you for not going and trying out Cora's adjacent to this shit	This place used to be awesome for breakfast ,brunch and lunch. They had an amazing buffet filled with South Indian varieties and the soothing prayers of lord venkatesh was heart warming and nostalgic of the southern paradise of India. But this visit was horrendous. To start with the food for buffet was cold, secondly idli, uttapam and medu vada was undercooked and cold. The sambhar just looked like daal with a tempering of curry leaves and mustard seeds. The last let down was no gulab jamun!
Ur0gkDyk310NsZu4V-krqg	TFDT0ueZ3b3uyyMzhJFHTA	1	zB-uYinco4c9u14GtYBn3Q	How many of you are aware that you get charged 10% gratuity on your bill plus 13% HST on the tip amount? I am not aware that this automatic gratuity mentioned in the menu card. Can someone advise if this is legal? Anyway I think it is a dishonest practice. I am really disappointed.	Be aware that there is 10% gratuity - that will be sneaked into your bill at Saravanan bhavan. Money grab restaurant.
XcO7fb0q-LukfudaBMNPIA	TFDT0ueZ3b3uyyMzhJFHTA	4	frDZjONa7ubQhGmP2YzSTw	Excellent for vegetarians and healthy food. Variety of dishes. If you want taste something different this is the place to go.	Excellent vegetarian food.
BCjsgRFDCxGQHr0hVlwqvg	TFDT0ueZ3b3uyyMzhJFHTA	2	0ra9e8IxU5kJlwxih-soqA	On the name of Chennai's Saravana Bhawan we visited here three to four times but not good as other branches are. Last time visited Delhi's Saravana Bhawan and it was really good. We can't even compare this Saravana to Delhi's Saravana. I didn't liked there sambar and dosa was not crispy at all even filter coffee was like Tim Hortons! Also the thali is limited... Can you imagine?!? For the first time I experienced this kind of thing... We just needed 1 extra poori and for that only we had to pay. We visited Bahrain's Saravana also... Even that branch is also far better than this one!	If you want to eat fresh, visit around 11:30 am. I loved fresh Idli, smell was tempting. But yes the staff is a bit rude. Till now I have visited this place 6 times but the staff behavior is still the same
7UVOk0zGatVhfUfrhRA8jA	e-hztV3mlfn5z8VmRFBNlw	5	zmdj0DzFsxgbTvwrIJNkow	Great new place to have a some tasty microbrewery beer. Super friendly staff. 4-6 of their own beers available. Food trucks on site if you get the munchies. Coffee Brown Nitro was my favorite.	Great new place to have a some tasty microbrewery beer.
L6QyLr6ao67yYt7RBKtv3w	e-hztV3mlfn5z8VmRFBNlw	5	EaoQYeizdAyOaiz4dQoR6w	Great Beer, great atmosphere, great people!!! Yep the Cartel guys can't go wrong with good peeps and good beer!! Love the beer garden!	Great Beer, great atmosphere, great people!!! Yep that Cartel guys
LV8uSpYJVaYZ1goMwk8xYA	e-hztV3mlfn5z8VmRFBNlw	5	4rpOGFQK4thC-_aqqQkRoQ	My friend told me about this place and it has easily become my new favorite local brewery. I usually come here on Wednesday's for their Randall (they infuse one of their beers with some other yummy ingredients)--I just recently had their pale ale with persimmons, dates and currants and it was so tasty! The food truck out back (Fire & Forged) cooks up some amazing, fresh food and switches up their menu frequently. The back patio is beautiful and dog-friendly. This place just kills it all around.	The habanero pork tacos are so tasty. The pork melts in your mouth.
3-WVWBrPW1znDH_cI1y3fA	e-hztV3mlfn5z8VmRFBNlw	5	UstCIoROtccjGPTE1GLWww	Food is amazing and the people are really friendly! shop is tucked away so dont miss it	Food is amazing and the people are really friendly!
HGN7VARRSkm_M0G6OW1FGA	e-hztV3mlfn5z8VmRFBNlw	4	JVIGBocDkY6i-_fqZV803g	Lots of hoppy IPA type of beers, friendly staff cool concept and always a different food truck	Lots of hoppy IPA type of beers, friendly staff
vmbKF48aCNRdKbq_Uf7SiA	e-hztV3mlfn5z8VmRFBNlw	5	tw9gPfrjTCX-zdhU7i2gFQ	Very nice!!! Great live music. Young people, truck food, prices alright, good location.	Very nice!!! Great live music.
yQiXl23Z49V0m-GL5RBL6A	cOWBLBde6AAwzBDuoa85Ag	5	xxuk_t_kJ6ou4Lq8PcxwVw	Awesome price of $25 for a gel mani. Lots of OPI gel colors too! Everyone is really nice and takes their time. My favorite place :)	Awesome price of $25 for a gel mani. Lots of OPI gel colors too!
q7MRk6FBmx0H2xrZ10QUpQ	cOWBLBde6AAwzBDuoa85Ag	5	H43aPUwEWxNZoitrUQzb6A	Lovely ambiance Attentive staff Reasonable prices They use disposable liners for their foot spas, which lessen the risk of catching bacterial infection. Everyone is great, my favorite is Lynn. She is super talented!	Ask for Lynn... girl has skills!
PB1bOiWSUMipc2km17q4uw	cOWBLBde6AAwzBDuoa85Ag	5	Qo6pq2VH8RaxdmAXeLSMpQ	I've been going to Fancy Nails since I moved to PHX in July of last year based on the Yelp* reviews and have never been disappointed. This is the first salon I have been to in a long time where I don't have a specific technician work on my nails. Every person in the salon does a great job. I am fortunate to be out of work before 3pm during the week so I can get to Fancy Nails by about 3:15...I've never had to wait for a service when I arrive around that time. I have been on weekends and it does get busy, so I'd recommend you make an appointment. The salon stocks OPI shellac/gel polish in addition to some other brands I don't recognize. A gel manicure costs $25. For all of my pedicure people, Fancy Nails uses disposable pedi tub inserts so no worries about someone else's foot funk touching your tootsies (big plus)! They have a few options for pedicures, so ask to see the menu before you start. They also offer waxing services and tanning as well but I can't comment on them since I've never used them. The salon is clean, well stocked, and everyone is always professional and courteous. There are plenty of other nail salons closer to where I live but I choose to come to Fancy Nails. They're everything I was looking for in a nail salon!	You can only tip in cash, so hit up the ATM beforehand.
jVkOyGV7CybBfqk6vF3Q-A	cOWBLBde6AAwzBDuoa85Ag	5	ZrVQz1SKMfRAu86SlpMblQ	Thank you yelpers!! I found also found this place to be awesome!! Clean and lots of gel colors and glitter to choose from. Ill be back there for sure!!	Great service and lots of gel options!!
jVkOyGV7CybBfqk6vF3Q-A	cOWBLBde6AAwzBDuoa85Ag	5	ZrVQz1SKMfRAu86SlpMblQ	Thank you yelpers!! I found also found this place to be awesome!! Clean and lots of gel colors and glitter to choose from. Ill be back there for sure!!	Thank you yelpers!! I found also found this place to be awesome!! Clean and lots of gel colors and glitter to choose from. Ill be back there for sure!!
FTNaQZ3t0dsVWw1WZUQGFg	ykSlMTRgyWzAmhP7ywc9gg	4	u2n01D6o8TG9WLn2XODg6Q	Fairly new establishment on the Lakeshore strip in downtown Oakville. A good thing to see with all the For Lease signs that have been cropping up lately. If someone could translate what is yelled at patrons once they enter, it would be greatly appreciated. I'll assume it is a greeting. The friendly staff that helped us explained that the general restaurant experience is that of arriving, eating and then leaving to go enjoy something else, somewhere else. The Izakaya experience is designed for you to eat, drink, socialize, etc. all under one roof. Hence the loud and sometimes frantic atmosphere. Pretty much a tapas menu. After perusing the Sake menu, my wife and I settled on some Sapporo, mine in the bath-sized glass. It wasn't that the Sake menu wasn't impressive, but my wife doesn't love it, I have limited experience with the Gekkeikan brand and I just wasn't in the mood to take a chance on a 3 oz, $15-30 sake that I may or may not like. Maybe if I'd have been encouraged or had some sort of crash course I would have considered. Any way, food: In absence of a bread basket, you are given what is called thin spaghetti, coated in salt and flavoured with a spicy curry. A little strange a different as it is like eating spicy uncooked spaghetti. Started with the Cucumber Addiction - sliced pickled cucumber with sesame seed and oil. A great clean-tasting starter. All orders come out fast and furious, but staggered so as not to bung up the table too much. The Pork Rib Kakuni was really good. 3 fall off the bone pork ribs that are slow braised and served on mashed potato with a spicy mustard for more flavour. This was really tasty and a good portion of meat for only 3 pork ribs. The Soy Bean Cream Crab Croquette is a mouthful. Resembling arancini balls, but stuffed with crab, there 3 little guys are filling and have more substance to them than your average crab dish. The Tuna Carpaccio is delicious with a savoury mixture coating the fish. A little tricky to pick up with the chop sticks, as it is chopped rather finely, but worth the effort. The Deep Fried Prawns are quite massive and heavy on the garlic, but the spicy sauce make 'em quite a lovely plate and pretty to look at once delivered. As the evening progresses, more and more residents of Oakville filter in. There is a lot of bumping and jockeying for room in this narrow little space. Conversations can be heard from basically every table. The fake-chested table were amazed when Barbie's shorter sister came in, no less than one month after giving birth and back to her fighting weight. A quick cat walk, a twirl and they're sat beside us. Yaaaaay. This is where service fell apart. We had one more order coming and we were contemplating another round of drinks and possibly dessert. But with all the air-kissing going on and the place getting louder and packed, the person taking our orders came back to our table after 15-20 minutes, stating that he'd forgotten to enter our last dish. Another 20 minutes later and the special of the night Cod we'd ordered arrived. It was incredible and naturally buttery. Any aggressive thoughts were forgotten instantaneously. Food for Thought: if you come for the special catches of the day, come early. 4 of the 6 fish specials were sold out by 7:30. And the Blowtorch Mackerel? It may be delicious but smells of burnt arm hair. Maybe its just me and my wacky palette. Hopefully the "trendiness" wears off in the passing months. The food is quite good and staff are helpful, sincere and very knowledgeable with the menu. It is the clientelle that I could do without.	New hangout for the future cast of The Housewives of Oakville.
FTNaQZ3t0dsVWw1WZUQGFg	ykSlMTRgyWzAmhP7ywc9gg	4	u2n01D6o8TG9WLn2XODg6Q	Fairly new establishment on the Lakeshore strip in downtown Oakville. A good thing to see with all the For Lease signs that have been cropping up lately. If someone could translate what is yelled at patrons once they enter, it would be greatly appreciated. I'll assume it is a greeting. The friendly staff that helped us explained that the general restaurant experience is that of arriving, eating and then leaving to go enjoy something else, somewhere else. The Izakaya experience is designed for you to eat, drink, socialize, etc. all under one roof. Hence the loud and sometimes frantic atmosphere. Pretty much a tapas menu. After perusing the Sake menu, my wife and I settled on some Sapporo, mine in the bath-sized glass. It wasn't that the Sake menu wasn't impressive, but my wife doesn't love it, I have limited experience with the Gekkeikan brand and I just wasn't in the mood to take a chance on a 3 oz, $15-30 sake that I may or may not like. Maybe if I'd have been encouraged or had some sort of crash course I would have considered. Any way, food: In absence of a bread basket, you are given what is called thin spaghetti, coated in salt and flavoured with a spicy curry. A little strange a different as it is like eating spicy uncooked spaghetti. Started with the Cucumber Addiction - sliced pickled cucumber with sesame seed and oil. A great clean-tasting starter. All orders come out fast and furious, but staggered so as not to bung up the table too much. The Pork Rib Kakuni was really good. 3 fall off the bone pork ribs that are slow braised and served on mashed potato with a spicy mustard for more flavour. This was really tasty and a good portion of meat for only 3 pork ribs. The Soy Bean Cream Crab Croquette is a mouthful. Resembling arancini balls, but stuffed with crab, there 3 little guys are filling and have more substance to them than your average crab dish. The Tuna Carpaccio is delicious with a savoury mixture coating the fish. A little tricky to pick up with the chop sticks, as it is chopped rather finely, but worth the effort. The Deep Fried Prawns are quite massive and heavy on the garlic, but the spicy sauce make 'em quite a lovely plate and pretty to look at once delivered. As the evening progresses, more and more residents of Oakville filter in. There is a lot of bumping and jockeying for room in this narrow little space. Conversations can be heard from basically every table. The fake-chested table were amazed when Barbie's shorter sister came in, no less than one month after giving birth and back to her fighting weight. A quick cat walk, a twirl and they're sat beside us. Yaaaaay. This is where service fell apart. We had one more order coming and we were contemplating another round of drinks and possibly dessert. But with all the air-kissing going on and the place getting louder and packed, the person taking our orders came back to our table after 15-20 minutes, stating that he'd forgotten to enter our last dish. Another 20 minutes later and the special of the night Cod we'd ordered arrived. It was incredible and naturally buttery. Any aggressive thoughts were forgotten instantaneously. Food for Thought: if you come for the special catches of the day, come early. 4 of the 6 fish specials were sold out by 7:30. And the Blowtorch Mackerel? It may be delicious but smells of burnt arm hair. Maybe its just me and my wacky palette. Hopefully the "trendiness" wears off in the passing months. The food is quite good and staff are helpful, sincere and very knowledgeable with the menu. It is the clientelle that I could do without.	Sumo wrestling on the telly!
y6m-jBnQ-iRhKog8VThwJQ	g_fGPZJlGeKGLgC-j-tj6w	5	IrchMqHAL3mZbp02GeDThg	Wow. This place was Sooooo good. Oysters rib eye and cheesecake were all incredible. The side of mushrooms were also very good. The prices are great for what you get.	Wow. This place was Sooooo good. Oysters rib eye and cheesecake were all incredible. The side of mushrooms were also very good. The prices are great for what you get.
QyP254XCNlI7DvPsze5LQw	g_fGPZJlGeKGLgC-j-tj6w	4	26Z04ZSvjBclBLxQ21WdAQ	The other reviews are surprising. The first surprise is that a reviewer is surprised to find that Scotland, the north part of Great Britain (a well known island), has decent seafood. The second, and more disturbing, is the complaint that a restaurant with the name "Mussel and Steak Bar" has a fairly short menu. One might have thought, nay expected, that the menu would be mainly ... On a positive note, what I can say is that they provide first class food. What they say they do they do well. The steaks, in my experience, are meltingly tender. The chips (US: french fries) cooked in beef dripping are crisp and moreish. The restaurant is good value because not a morsel will be left on the plates.	Reliable and friendly. But bring back the bernaise sauce.
dLk0_ttzMKap0fv3nxtRFg	OuRkiY-izvy5QXvWEMaimQ	5	lisyLGyKSTUMqrX8QbHTIQ	My child has attended this school for the last 9 months. Learning ABCs and math and chinese, playing outdoors and indoors. The School has lots of different age students from when the child is potty trained to kids taking their SATs to adults learning Mandarin. They even have water activities on weds and Fridays (weather permitting). I am happy to drop off my kid to school. My kid has learn how to speak basic Mandarin. There are lots of non asian children in school. Most teachers are bilangual. Lots of mixed asian children too. The school is very focus on safety. You need to be buzzed in to get into the building. Each parents sign in and sign out during pick up and drop off. We (including my mom who is a former teacher) checked out three different pre kindergarten for my child and felt this was the best one. We are happy we choice this school.	More photos from today's performance.
9RG87QSBaTmcbDu3ydQJ2g	Jdqg97lLo_qJlCqU9RjIEA	1	Qpz73uZ60Gk7MSKbD6Y6_A	This place is literally the worst. Hopefully the got rid of the awful management, because the owner is actually sort of nice. I ordered ice cream and just got a sloppy mess and no apology.	This place is literally the worst
1Sl_w3Reyrirhxp4wpW4lQ	fBDHfRzlfVWRiXOMPNpT2Q	5	xj4VRhFoO9cZQ-ImW8gpeg	Dental Horror Stories Not Found Here I know of: A mother tells a dentist to drill and fill anything on her children so she can show high expenses for a legal settlement. Pull anything with a cavity for Native American patients visiting Public Health Services in the 1960's. After my military entry physical the dentist proposed filling 7 teeth immediately. I skipped the offer. During my military exit physical four years later four fillings were offered. I accepted two, skipped two and had no more cavities/fillings for a decade. A California reconstructive dentist building a crown for me rained me with a shower of things I MUST do NOW. None inexpensive. Dr. Vogel has been balanced regarding my dentistry. His staff have kept my teeth clean and healthy 12+ years. When we get to dental requirements not in his lane, he's made excellent referrals to an endodontist and an oral surgeon.	Dr. Vogel was educated at Loyola U, then certified in Ohio, Illinois, California and AZ.
1Sl_w3Reyrirhxp4wpW4lQ	fBDHfRzlfVWRiXOMPNpT2Q	5	xj4VRhFoO9cZQ-ImW8gpeg	Dental Horror Stories Not Found Here I know of: A mother tells a dentist to drill and fill anything on her children so she can show high expenses for a legal settlement. Pull anything with a cavity for Native American patients visiting Public Health Services in the 1960's. After my military entry physical the dentist proposed filling 7 teeth immediately. I skipped the offer. During my military exit physical four years later four fillings were offered. I accepted two, skipped two and had no more cavities/fillings for a decade. A California reconstructive dentist building a crown for me rained me with a shower of things I MUST do NOW. None inexpensive. Dr. Vogel has been balanced regarding my dentistry. His staff have kept my teeth clean and healthy 12+ years. When we get to dental requirements not in his lane, he's made excellent referrals to an endodontist and an oral surgeon.	They know us here. They're near our home.
BjtJ3VkMOxV2Lan037AFuw	tulUhFYMvBkYHsjmn30A9w	3	OZvrgp4vWBsYqIt3-YMSEw	Don't believe the hype! After seeing this location on Man vs Food I had to check it out for myself. I have given this location two back to back chances and it was a disappointment on both occasions. The place is defiantly a dive and not the cleanest. One our first visit on a Saturday night we ordered two 4 piece chicken dinners for my wife and I and one 2 piece chicken dinner for our daughter. We finally received our food after a 45 minute wait and the place was completely dead! The four piece chicken dinner comes with a breast, wing, thigh and drumstick, coleslaw, fries and BBQ sauce on the chicken & fries. Talk about a party in my mouth! The chicken was hot and juicy and cooked just right and seasoned to perfection! The fries and slaw were good also. The employee's attitudes and customer service skills are in need of as much of a makeover as the dining space needs. The second time we went was the next day as we were on our way back home from Cleveland and got a 20 piece chicken to go. The girl at the cash register was on her phone the whole time I placed the order. I understand that it's a slow Sunday afternoon but, really?! She had a really foul attitude and just couldn't be bothered with taking orders. She was acting like actually pausing her phone conversation to take my order was a major inconvenience to her. It took about 25 minutes to get our chicken the second time which is weird as I ordered a lot more chicken the second time. I would defiantly call ahead to place your order because if you wait on your food it WILL be a while. The chicken is very good but, not worth the wait and dealing with the employee's bad attitudes. I'd much rather go to Zanzibar for their delicious honey fried chicken. Hell, I'll eeven take Church's Chicken instead!	Getting some fried chicken for the road.
BjtJ3VkMOxV2Lan037AFuw	tulUhFYMvBkYHsjmn30A9w	3	OZvrgp4vWBsYqIt3-YMSEw	Don't believe the hype! After seeing this location on Man vs Food I had to check it out for myself. I have given this location two back to back chances and it was a disappointment on both occasions. The place is defiantly a dive and not the cleanest. One our first visit on a Saturday night we ordered two 4 piece chicken dinners for my wife and I and one 2 piece chicken dinner for our daughter. We finally received our food after a 45 minute wait and the place was completely dead! The four piece chicken dinner comes with a breast, wing, thigh and drumstick, coleslaw, fries and BBQ sauce on the chicken & fries. Talk about a party in my mouth! The chicken was hot and juicy and cooked just right and seasoned to perfection! The fries and slaw were good also. The employee's attitudes and customer service skills are in need of as much of a makeover as the dining space needs. The second time we went was the next day as we were on our way back home from Cleveland and got a 20 piece chicken to go. The girl at the cash register was on her phone the whole time I placed the order. I understand that it's a slow Sunday afternoon but, really?! She had a really foul attitude and just couldn't be bothered with taking orders. She was acting like actually pausing her phone conversation to take my order was a major inconvenience to her. It took about 25 minutes to get our chicken the second time which is weird as I ordered a lot more chicken the second time. I would defiantly call ahead to place your order because if you wait on your food it WILL be a while. The chicken is very good but, not worth the wait and dealing with the employee's bad attitudes. I'd much rather go to Zanzibar for their delicious honey fried chicken. Hell, I'll eeven take Church's Chicken instead!	OMG! The fried chicken is OUTSTANDING!
NGnS6xFCefAB8JsuuNIIYw	tulUhFYMvBkYHsjmn30A9w	4	dMyrZA_EXD9y_UqK7-Hj0Q	Hot Sauce Williams is a Cleveland tradition! I will always stop here for the fries with sauce!	Yummo.... Took Moms to get our fix.. :)
zEil7zukF_Xtxq7sqIbyfA	tulUhFYMvBkYHsjmn30A9w	3	f6lZEx4g8qj-beIv-jPnGA	Decided that I had to check this place out since I am a huge fan of Adam Richman and he featured it on Man vs Food. He also wrote a section on Cleveland in his book, 'America the Edible', and he name drops this spot. My fiancee and I were not disappointed, it definitely hit the spot. I loved the sauce. Ryan tried the Polish Boy which basically a kielbasa, with sauce, and cole slaw piled on top. The french fries are smushed in on the side, but definitely a tasty experience overall. I heard that the wait on the ribs was 30 minutes so I opted for their fried chicken which was crunchy greasy goodness. For a fairly quick bite I definitely recommend checking this place out.	Going to try my first Polish Boy
iRrKGBtJpTW9PrT7kLe97Q	tulUhFYMvBkYHsjmn30A9w	5	wVbQxPcDYSIK62jmQo-axA	I shamlessly admit to straining that tin foil that comes with my rib order like a rag to get more of that tasty bbq sauce.	Worth every rib and every Mac n cheese noodle!
IpReaQYuXO_nB07xnkHuNw	tulUhFYMvBkYHsjmn30A9w	4	8Mg5n8kUeCofQFa37EmNiw	Mrs. Doubtfire was here! No really Robin Williams dined at this location. The Fried chicken is crunch in your mouth drippy kind of good! My favorite meal is the polish girl. it just screams "Eat Me!!" polish dog piled high with pulled pork, crinkled fries drenched in slaw and oh so good tangy HSW sauce. Oh how the sauce enhances the taste, Makes you want seconds Now when you eat your hot Polish Girl, you have to be gentle it tends to get sloppy. I ease on into it. I always end up with a mess on my hands and face. wipe down needed after this Feast. Sometimes I settle for the polish boy, a little less mess and take it all in kind of treat "Ease on into it"	Eating a polish boy slurp slurp slurp
9dYJu74tHGBXrqi1cwvpUA	RLFIsHWmOFm-WsGfOTmH5Q	1	JhM2JhJRNDCyCE4MGUVMGQ	Lovely mall BUT....Ditto the reviewer from Texas, BEWARE the multiple scam store fronts (in several of the Las Vegas malls) selling "skincare" at crazy high prices. Moderna Tea Shop appears to be a Teavana type store .....however..... I was offered a tea sample at the door (and a tiny bag with a Costco looking teabag in it) but the situation immediately segued into a highly pressured sales pitch for $700 (!) skin care. Do not let them drag you inside to close the deal. Skip the fast taking BS, politely decline, run if you have to. Stick with Sephora, where you can verify and review what it is that you're buying.	BEWARE scam skin care sales operating at some stores. If they offer you a sample at the door and try to lure you inside, RUN.
A0wA5x2BMj-5l2sWn1hxYQ	RLFIsHWmOFm-WsGfOTmH5Q	4	pgyPhwk3lB1DxedDzygUUg	Beautiful place. Nice and simple with great art and service. They r connected with the Venetian so its really cool to walk over. Great for families. And they have a great view	Dont be afraid to ask for directions.... Its almost designed like a maze. Trust me. Swallow your pride and ask for directions. Saves you time and energy.
natSObJ4-jEev6rJRta7jA	cQSQi0YWTcpuw5WGJi9XMw	5	bokbBFumrarDfaQwMoR9Bg	Ein Vorurteil verwandelte sich bei dieser Pizzeria in eine absolute Überraschung. Wir sind schon öfter an dieser Pizzeria vorbeigegangen und ich habe über den Namen etwas die Nase gerümpft - Regenbogen, das klingt so nach schlechter 80er Jahre Taverne. Drinnen ist es dann im ersten Eindruck auch ein bisschen, wie bei einer kleinen Zeitreise - allerdings nicht in die 80er, sondern in die 90er, in die mich gerade die Lampen und die Einrichtung zurückversetzten. Was ich aber sehr charmant fand, waren die Theaterfotografien an den Wänden. Beim Service war ich am Anfang etwas verunsichert, weil der gute Herr wirklich finster gucken konnte, aber das verbesserte sich im Laufe des Abends merklich und jeder, der an unseren Tisch kam war immer höflich und professionell. Außerdem waren Getränke und Speisen immer unverzüglich an unserem Tisch, auch als es später am Abend sehr voll wurde - so lob ich mir das. Das Essen war dann ein wahres Gedicht, angefangen beim Brotkorb mit frisch gebackenen Pizzabrötchen bis hin zur Nachspeise, was wieder zeigt, dass man sich nicht von Äußerlichkeiten abschrecken lassen darf. Auf der gemischten Vorspeisenplatte fanden wir ein Gedicht an italienischer Salami und Schinken sowie exzellentem Käse. Mein Bruschetta war ein frisch gebackener halber Pizzafladen mit frischen Tomatenstückchen, die ordentlich mit Knoblauch garniert waren - sehr lecker! Die Hauptgerichte haben uns dann absolut überzeugt: Ich hatte frische Nudeln von der Tageskarte mit Steinpilzen. Die Nudeln waren einen winzigen Tacken zu al dente für meinen Geschmack, aber sie zogen noch etwas nach. Die Steinpilze in der Soße mit frischen Kräutern waren hervorragend. Aber das absolute Highlight war die Pizza: wie in Italien. Hauchdünner, geschmacklich hervorragender, knuspriger, aber nicht trockener Teig mit leckerem Mozzarella, der ordentlich Fäden zieht und frischem Belag, der die anderen Zutaten nicht erstickt. Ich bin sonst von Pizza nicht so leicht zu beeindrucken, aber diese war einfach ein Gedicht. Der Tiramisu zum Nachtisch musste dann noch sein, obwohl wir eigentlich schon satt waren. Er hat den hervorragenden Eindruck des Essens noch unterstrichen. Auch der Wein war hervorragend und mit 4,50 Euro für 1/4 Liter auch nicht besonders teuer. Insgesamt war das Preis-Leistung-Verhältnis (9 Euro für die Pizza, 10,50 Euro für die Nudeln) für die Qualität absolut angebracht. Einer meiner Lieblingsitaliener in Stuttgart, wenn es mal eher gemütlich als schick sein soll.	Beste Pizza, die ich in Stuttgart bisher hatte - wie in Italien
NJqmAzerpbAIC0-VBclwgA	PjQngP_7m7PA8K1WUHdXqg	5	b6dami4YHihHprxXxHnLUQ	Here to tell you I think this place is off the hook! I was excited to try it & was not disappointed. At first I thought they were a little pricey, but put things in perspective. The ingrediants are of higher quality than you would think. Went on a Sunday afternoon & it wasn't crowded at all. Four of us sat at the counter and talked to the friendly staff members the whole time. I ordered the Chicago dog & really loved it! Boyfriend got the Carolina dog & he loved it! The boys got the Coney dogs and wanted more. Nom, Nom, Nom... Few things worth noting... I am a designer and I was digging everythig about this place! The layout, the lighting, the surface materials, the graphic design, etc. I can really appreciate all of the nice, clean details this place offers. I even took a pic of the rest room! A+ to the design team! They even have nice, thick, soft napkins which were like a luxury! I want to work here just so I can get a red pair of Converse! Seriously, I love their uniforms, very cool. If they sold their shirts I would buy one! Love the artwork & colors. Again, well done & kudos to the artist!	Chicago dog! Their vegetarian dog is vegan!
NJqmAzerpbAIC0-VBclwgA	PjQngP_7m7PA8K1WUHdXqg	5	b6dami4YHihHprxXxHnLUQ	Here to tell you I think this place is off the hook! I was excited to try it & was not disappointed. At first I thought they were a little pricey, but put things in perspective. The ingrediants are of higher quality than you would think. Went on a Sunday afternoon & it wasn't crowded at all. Four of us sat at the counter and talked to the friendly staff members the whole time. I ordered the Chicago dog & really loved it! Boyfriend got the Carolina dog & he loved it! The boys got the Coney dogs and wanted more. Nom, Nom, Nom... Few things worth noting... I am a designer and I was digging everythig about this place! The layout, the lighting, the surface materials, the graphic design, etc. I can really appreciate all of the nice, clean details this place offers. I even took a pic of the rest room! A+ to the design team! They even have nice, thick, soft napkins which were like a luxury! I want to work here just so I can get a red pair of Converse! Seriously, I love their uniforms, very cool. If they sold their shirts I would buy one! Love the artwork & colors. Again, well done & kudos to the artist!	One of the coolest places around. Take time to appreciate the interior & graphic design. Such a cool, hip place! The onion rings & Carolina dog are the way to go!
NJqmAzerpbAIC0-VBclwgA	PjQngP_7m7PA8K1WUHdXqg	5	b6dami4YHihHprxXxHnLUQ	Here to tell you I think this place is off the hook! I was excited to try it & was not disappointed. At first I thought they were a little pricey, but put things in perspective. The ingrediants are of higher quality than you would think. Went on a Sunday afternoon & it wasn't crowded at all. Four of us sat at the counter and talked to the friendly staff members the whole time. I ordered the Chicago dog & really loved it! Boyfriend got the Carolina dog & he loved it! The boys got the Coney dogs and wanted more. Nom, Nom, Nom... Few things worth noting... I am a designer and I was digging everythig about this place! The layout, the lighting, the surface materials, the graphic design, etc. I can really appreciate all of the nice, clean details this place offers. I even took a pic of the rest room! A+ to the design team! They even have nice, thick, soft napkins which were like a luxury! I want to work here just so I can get a red pair of Converse! Seriously, I love their uniforms, very cool. If they sold their shirts I would buy one! Love the artwork & colors. Again, well done & kudos to the artist!	Their tempura onion rings are amazing. The best ever!
DZChyIi8X3LMVLi86793VQ	PjQngP_7m7PA8K1WUHdXqg	5	ZCKHHymksJ9iMOte-yxF8Q	Seriously. Banzai burger. Best I have ever ever had. Everything at this old school/new school place...reasonable prices and tasty service...	Seriously. Banzai burger. Best I have ever ever had.
bxtUw-buCnWybRbjc8cYYw	PjQngP_7m7PA8K1WUHdXqg	2	Hfhr1C53RyT9PoDVJonE8Q	Save your money. Onion rings were dripping in grease! Hamburger had no flavor. My third time here it's good in theory, just not in execution.	Save your money. Onion rings were dripping in grease! Hamburger had no flavor.
p30VbeNZC6mzRUTL6lg69w	dKdApYVFDSNYsNOso6NYlA	5	yn6Pxvx-R5X3LUrdxVSq2g	Thoroughly enjoyed the Midwest sliders. Freshly made and tasty. Brought back memories from Chicago late night slider runs. They have onion "chip" rather than full onion rings. Think onion rings cut into pieces. And being Las Vegas, this White Castle serves beer - keep that buzz going! Friendly staff and a dining room cleaning crew that was constantly keeping the place clean.	Get the crave case for a group and add drinks.
p30VbeNZC6mzRUTL6lg69w	dKdApYVFDSNYsNOso6NYlA	5	yn6Pxvx-R5X3LUrdxVSq2g	Thoroughly enjoyed the Midwest sliders. Freshly made and tasty. Brought back memories from Chicago late night slider runs. They have onion "chip" rather than full onion rings. Think onion rings cut into pieces. And being Las Vegas, this White Castle serves beer - keep that buzz going! Friendly staff and a dining room cleaning crew that was constantly keeping the place clean.	Grab a cold beer at the counter
p30VbeNZC6mzRUTL6lg69w	dKdApYVFDSNYsNOso6NYlA	5	yn6Pxvx-R5X3LUrdxVSq2g	Thoroughly enjoyed the Midwest sliders. Freshly made and tasty. Brought back memories from Chicago late night slider runs. They have onion "chip" rather than full onion rings. Think onion rings cut into pieces. And being Las Vegas, this White Castle serves beer - keep that buzz going! Friendly staff and a dining room cleaning crew that was constantly keeping the place clean.	You can grab a beer right at the White Castle counter!
XW6znlSnLivnkhePlw8jkQ	dKdApYVFDSNYsNOso6NYlA	4	9Jl0EiHnHLkYqeMPRQSYGQ	Listen folks....White Castle is not for everyone. If you're curious about these little cooked to order sliders just try one or two at the most. I definitely don't recommend a full meal. Vegas location means Vegas prices. It may not be worth it to you. Now for all the lovers & fans of this tasty little spot..... be prepared for greatness! Its always super busy here which is assurance that everything is fresh, hot, & ready to go. They ppl here a great system to get you in & out. You can even see them cooked the burgers, grill the onions, & steam the buns while placing your order....but i must warn you...be prepared to pay Vegas prices. Hope this helps!	Be prepared to pay more because of the location. Not a familiar with White Castle? Just try one or two sliders to be on the safe side.
mdmdnlHLlZUvAE3-J5omCg	dKdApYVFDSNYsNOso6NYlA	5	SgPGp92-OERIN6NljU6Cag	College at Ohio State and these things were a regular food item for us. I haven't had a "fresh" one in 15 years! These were the highlight of my trip to Vegas. Are they kinda crappy? Yes, but if you're from Ohio you get it. You know why we love them. The atmosphere isn't so great, homeless walking up to you asking for money is a bit of a downer when you're relishing your first bite in over a century but it's Vegas, so whatever.	Go on a Sunday, later in the evening. No lines to wait in!
eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A	-MhfebM0QIsKt87iDN-FNw	2	RaSU-d08Y2ywamgI3TOeRA	2 stars for the Andy Warhol exhibit's value in my eyes. $13 for locals, and it took us about 10-15min to walk through the entire place, taking a little time to check out each piece of art and reading the commentary. Can't say this was my style of art, but if it was a different artist or set, I could probably push the venue up to a 3-4 star review. But since it's not, I have to go with the value in my eyes, which was pretty low. I came here for the company anyways! LOL	$13 for locals....a bit small in size, but the right artist would make it worth the entry fee
KL65Qt5OJzCt8LhioBw4Pg	-MhfebM0QIsKt87iDN-FNw	5	2aAE1ZVDqMgFDakrl7iRAw	Great exhibition of Monet's work. it's a little small, but then again it is an exhibition gallery and not a museum. It's fair priced and the atmosphere is great. The staff is very friendly and seem well educated on the matter. Lastly, a complementary audio guide is given to you as you access the Gallery providing some information and a little background of art on display.	Great exhibition of Monet's work.
IDl8QswIXwI6Fr6KW3TbRw	-MhfebM0QIsKt87iDN-FNw	2	QzZ3DcS59X8d6SUcaDT9ig	Love art in all forms.. The Bellagio Gallery of Fine Art currently has 43 pieces from Pablo Picasso till January 10, 2016. I was expecting more than a Picasso collection but that pretty much it. Two rooms storing a number of his paintings for $19. Definitely not worth it. I could of seen this or researched his paintings online. A definite must skip. Enjoy the gelato place next door.	It's empty here and we're the only ones. Creepy..
JADdo9NEeO5Az9aOYbyvZA	-MhfebM0QIsKt87iDN-FNw	4	j5jXl4GiRissanLZmLVLpw	***************************** 1363 *************************** Bellagio Gallery of Fine Art is small gallery located right across the Bellagio Pool. $18 ticket but if you are M Life Platinum/Noir member like me, you got 2 free tickets :-) This time it was the Pablo Picasso private collection from his son. Picasso: Creatures and Creativity - On display July 3, 2015 - January 10, 2016. The exhibition features over 45 of Picasso's paintings, linocuts and lithographs spanning the 1930s - 1970s. These works showcase Picasso's extraordinary ability to capture the human form with his use of line, movement and color. Highlighting his ability to create portraits that vary from realism to the highly abstract, the exhibition reveals Picasso's evolution as an artist over a 40-year span. It was quite amazing to see the different from one to another right next to each other. A few things you are not allowed to do here, unlike other museum where you are allowed to take photos with no flash, not here. - Strollers are not permitted in the Gallery. - Food, drinks, videotaping and photography of any kind are not permitted in the Gallery. - Use of cellular devices is prohibited.	If you are MLife Platinum member, it's FREE 2 tickets. That's $19 per ticket! Woot woot!
uUC_LoYz_V1_xzWvIzm7yg	-MhfebM0QIsKt87iDN-FNw	4	7nV8KINW2U7c_P2xUVmJTQ	Last month I went to see the Claude Monet's Impression of Light exhibit. And I was so delighted to be there. The gallery is small and compact but right to the point. It was a very intimate experience. The audio tour was also very nicely done, not too much information but just enough for you to get a good understanding of the painting. I can't wait to see what the gallery has to offer next time I come back to Vegas	Claude Monet's impression of light exhibit was excellent.
3Apvsrrf4wJuG4NdwIfXwA	-MhfebM0QIsKt87iDN-FNw	3	q7m_Vb6jINNxVuJK4BHwZA	I came in with a friend to check out the "Warhol Out West" tour. I'm not a huge Warhol enthusiast, but I really enjoy several artists that were inspired by his work. So we figured we would come and check out the original. Let me first say that the Bellagio cannot really control what the Warhol people choose to display. So I won't hold this against them. But I will say that the pieces chosen were odd. None of them said a whole lot about the artist. And that gets me to the other failing, there wasn't much to look at. There were three small rooms with relatively bare walls. At first I thought the ticket prices were decent, two of us got in for 24 dollars. However, after getting through the exhibit in just over fifteen minutes, I couldn't help but feel let down. More than ten dollars for a few minutes of glances, and nothing jumped out as inspiring or monumental. The audio tour included was dull, and rambled on a lot about things that weren't too important. And there were also an absorbant amount of security in the place, lingering over our shoulders the whole time wondering if we were taking pictures or not. I get that important art must be protected, but so many guards ruined the immersive experience one is supposed to have while at a gallery. With such an alluring figure as Warhol, I went in expecting to be entertained. I wasn't concerned about the ticket price. But after leaving feeling more than unfulfilled, I had to wonder if maybe it all should have been a bit cheaper. All this said, I'm glad the Bellagio is displaying art. And I welcome other exhibits, hopefully on the more interesting side.	The exhibit should have been called "Warhol in ten minutes or less".
Ovmw7wC78-PD8BUDS3xM5Q	-MhfebM0QIsKt87iDN-FNw	2	UVadisNW1ABn0yWGeun1vQ	I use to come here a lot, every Wednesday if 50% off for locals! The only problem is that this place looks in art... I know this is not LA or NY, I'm not asking for a real art gallery, but this is Bellagio!!! I'm expecting way more, or make it free ! Andy Warhol collection was disappointing, with only few of his work pieces...	Andy Warhol this week - Out West
Ovmw7wC78-PD8BUDS3xM5Q	-MhfebM0QIsKt87iDN-FNw	2	UVadisNW1ABn0yWGeun1vQ	I use to come here a lot, every Wednesday if 50% off for locals! The only problem is that this place looks in art... I know this is not LA or NY, I'm not asking for a real art gallery, but this is Bellagio!!! I'm expecting way more, or make it free ! Andy Warhol collection was disappointing, with only few of his work pieces...	Warhol Out West is opening this Friday
os-sDQoh-hCt2Lg76z6ZUA	dKdApYVFDSNYsNOso6NYlA	2	VadQuxkx2DbT3kY9rIewbw	White Castle was in Las Vegas as a food truck during the Las Vegas Foodie Fest previous years and the line for it was un-fricken-believable. Reportedly, people waited long hours for the infamous tiny sliders. I didn't wait for it personally, but I did see the extreme amount of people in line as I was exploring other (and better) food options. And now it's here not as a mobile restaurant, but an actual restaurant, hidden away in the Casino Royale. To find it, you need to walk a little bit, so make time for that. I don't mind playing tourist in my own city every now and then, but lemme tell ya, for White Castle? Not worth it! The little sliders are, at best, just cute. The meat was dry and it didn't help that the regular sliders were like 90% buns and meat. There were onions and pickles on it but it seemed like 2 little tiny pieces of diced onions, and a pickle the size of a dime. I prefer the cheese sliders over the regular ones. About 5-6 sliders can fill me up really good on a hungry day, so order accordingly. The way they fill up the beer with the magnet is pretty cool! :) Oh, and perks, 10% off for locals with a local ID! I'd say this place isn't really worth the hassle to get... maybe a good place to stop by when you're playing tourist in your own city, but that's about it.	Locals receive a 10% discount :)
KJ5gfIAWhE-IZ2DEqgS1nQ	dKdApYVFDSNYsNOso6NYlA	5	sAiUJ4B8YGhuS4oT00Ynxg	For a super busy fast food joint on the strip they are getting it done. Waited less than 5 minutes for my food, they clean off the tables as soon as anyone stands up. Ask for the dusseldorf mustard or you won't get it.	Ask for dusseldorf mustard
bEoDzX21nzrpynYVuK8GAQ	dKdApYVFDSNYsNOso6NYlA	5	DcANETIMG1TO9d17wAfoiw	Hi Mike my friend darzell MC joy applied there he is just waiting for you guys to call him	Hi Mike my friend darzell MC joy applied there
k3zcTrDspz2F0MASynoQGA	dKdApYVFDSNYsNOso6NYlA	1	ATHdKAAbnUW2FD31CIndrw	Update: apparently they are supposed to be soggy, so if you like soggy buns then this is the place for you.	Disgusting soggy buns. Bunch of employees gossiping instead of making my food. The Costco White Castle is better than this place.
VupFODj-mzL4wwipJKN9aw	dKdApYVFDSNYsNOso6NYlA	3	qtMk5fQFvH17B0MBsUHheQ	It was exactly as how I expected it to be. Sliders were just like the frozen ones I buy at the grocery store. People hype up this place too much and I blame Harold and Kumar for that. Food here is just like the food at the White Castle in Chicago. Beef patties are thin, just like the frozen ones. Slider is small, exact size like the frozen one. Service here is ok, just like how it is at with any other fast food chain. They do however, have other options to choose from other than cheese sliders and the original sliders. Line is long but moves quickly and food comes out quickly. Just like any other fast food joint. Don't come here and expect it to be a 4 star restaurant. It's just another 3 star fast food place.	If you're here with a party, let a few order while another person or two looks and waits for s table. This place is small and seating is limited.
uERlyO-ASZag6XXouCrkhg	dKdApYVFDSNYsNOso6NYlA	3	k_v3nKwGGG6h9-C--SRoyA	Ok ok ...so you know how I was major hating on White Castle in my first review...well, I'll give it 3 stars this time around! Came here on Fat Tuesday after some drinks at The Linq. Ordered the 10 mini burgs with cheese, large fries, cheesecake, and cheese sticks. It was cool. I mean, for $20 or so, it was cool. Burgers were hot, fresh, bite sized. Cheesecake was REALLY small for being a cheesecake (on a stick!). I think the plus was the funny cashiers and the 10% OFF FOR LOCALS!!!!!!!!	10 sliders w/ cheese, cheesecake, cheese sticks, large fries
uERlyO-ASZag6XXouCrkhg	dKdApYVFDSNYsNOso6NYlA	3	k_v3nKwGGG6h9-C--SRoyA	Ok ok ...so you know how I was major hating on White Castle in my first review...well, I'll give it 3 stars this time around! Came here on Fat Tuesday after some drinks at The Linq. Ordered the 10 mini burgs with cheese, large fries, cheesecake, and cheese sticks. It was cool. I mean, for $20 or so, it was cool. Burgers were hot, fresh, bite sized. Cheesecake was REALLY small for being a cheesecake (on a stick!). I think the plus was the funny cashiers and the 10% OFF FOR LOCALS!!!!!!!!	When they say cheesecake on a stick. It's a small ass cheesecake.
O8G7YD1ohYIiqpq6e67nVA	dKdApYVFDSNYsNOso6NYlA	2	tP4EwK1kDxbI27syBkk-Yw	The hype with this one was strong. What with the constant talk on local news stations, blogs, websites how could you not feel the pressure as a lover of food in Las Vegas? We were not immune to the build-up and thus had to see what we were missing all these years. We visited on a Saturday, early evening/late afternoon timeframe. The place was busy, but that was no surprise with the aforementioned popularity still booming. The line was relatively long but moved at a decent rate. They do well to get you through and on your way. We waited about 15-20 minutes in line. The menu is simpler than most fast food type joints with limited offerings. Think somewhere between In n Out and Chil Fil A. I appreciate this; makes it easier for someone like me who wants to get right to the "bread and butter" if you will and skip over their second rate items. The sliders were much smaller than we expected; again we've never had even the frozen grocer variety so expectations were only speculative. It reminded me of a plain McDonalds burger with the small chopped onions being one of the only things on the burgers other than the meat. The fries were nothing special. Not great but also without any major flaw. Straightforward French fries. Our meal was over in less than 10 min and we left feeling quite disappointed, and overall confused about the hype. Guess it's just one of those things that you either get or you don't. And I don't.	Lines are long, but move pretty quick.
dsaj_eA71FvpUh49zzKcGA	dKdApYVFDSNYsNOso6NYlA	3	liaEdz5jJ_4oQeP6w96r9w	Simply put - their burgers/sliders suck. I walked in with pretty low expectations and they didn't even meet that. But you're likely going to check out White Castle anyway whether it's out of morbid curiosity like I did, or because of nostalgia. I stopped by on opening day because I was walking distance away and had a friend already in line. The line moved relatively quickly, but White Castle way underestimated the wait time. It's nice that they handed out free sliders as a sorry, but ironically that well intended gesture made me consider getting out of line after sampling their sliders. But I promised to bring WC back for other people, so stayed in line. Great service for a fast food place especially on opening day. Everybody was helpful nice, and smiley despite all the chaos - I read they were churning out around 4,000 sliders an hour, which is insane. I've never been to another WC before, but heard that they're normally priced around 80cents each vs the cheapest you'll get it here is $1.09 with the 100 pack. They can say the higher prices are due to higher rent on the strip, but that's bs - they would've made up for that with the ridiculously high volume this location will do, so they're just plain greedy. But what can you do - it's the only WC west of... think it was Missouri? Anyway, back to their crappy burgers. Yes I know that sliders are small, but paying over $1 for something that's 1/18th of a pound of weird gray "beef" is just silly. For comparison, a McDonalds hamburger (also crappy) is 1/10th of a pound and at least looks more like real beef than this does. The bun was ok and I like grilled onions, but I did not enjoy tasting them for the rest of my day. I guess it's WC's thing that they never dress the sliders for you - want some ketchup and mustard? Too bad, you get grilled onions and pickles - anything else you have to add to it yourself. Not a huge deal, except that you need to know to ask for it, then wait for the guy to get packets from the back because they don't have them out to just grab. And he only gave me 1 packet each of ketchup, mustard and mayo for 10 sliders, so thanks for that because ketchup and mustard were the only things that gave the burger any taste. Also ordered a chocolate shake because the lady said they're amazing since they're made from frozen custard not ice cream or soft serve. It was a decent but overpriced shake, which was so thick that I couldn't drink it through a straw. I have no idea if that's how they always are, but a spoon would've been nice. I would normally say well I didn't like it, however you should probably try it out for yourself. In this case I have to say eff it - skip the lines and the clusterf*ck we call the strip and just pick up the frozen ones from the market. They sadly do taste about the same and I think are cheaper.	+$3 to add cheese for a 10 pack (total $15)
BDmxm7aeWFOLT35gSvkmig	dKdApYVFDSNYsNOso6NYlA	3	Z9d6iJlJg64ELkRh_8oYsA	I'd like to start this review with a question. On an average day how many sliders does this place serve? Pretty curios about that. Anyways anybody that grew up back east should know White Castle. This is the first location in the west so of course it had to go on Las Vegas Blvd. Not sure what some people were expecting or built up in their minds about this place. It's exactly the same it's always been just higher prices (not extreme though) because of the location. As a Vegas local and someone that grew up with eating here I can say it's good but not deserving of more than 3 stars. PROS Same White Castle you have always had. If you enjoyed them in the past you will enjoy them here They serve beer which is pretty cool Dining area seems to be well kept and clear of trash CONS Location.. Good for the company I'm sure but locals absolutely hate coming to the strip. I understand why the first one had to go here but wish now there was an easier one outside of the strip to get to Size.. As I said well kept and clean but not nearly big enough for the amount of foot traffic that comes through. Some employees... Look I work with drunk asshole tourists everyday too so I understand what they go through but there are some (not all) here that have just nasty attitudes. Granted it's a few bad apples but they leave an impression. A few times the fries were old/cold and asked politely for new ones and have been met with sighs and eye rolls. Please expand into the local area!	Show Nevada ID for a locals 10% discount
dYCmh8rJl_ZkC_mt70ZDhQ	dKdApYVFDSNYsNOso6NYlA	3	Uy54cfMrRSgm0TMNfg99og	This is the very 1st White Castle to have opened in the West Coast! It opened on January 27th, 2015; and it was the very 1st time in 56 years that a White Castle has expanded in a different state. The 1st time I ever had a White Castle slider was back in the 90's when Costco used to sell them in their freezer section. I didn't even know that they were a fast food chain since there weren't any in the West Coast. After Costco stopped selling these, I never heard of White Castle again until the film "Harold & Kumar Goes to White Castle" was released in 2004. Ever since I saw that movie, I've always had a craving for White Castle. When I went to New York in 2008, it was the very 1st time that I ever dined at a White Castle establishment. When I went to Las Vegas in 2015, I was pleasantly surprised to see this White Castle since they've only had their restaurants in the mid-West & the East Coast. I had to give them a try! This is a cleaner White Castle than their other locations, and it was fun to sit by the window and "people-watch" the folks walking on the strip. As for the food.., it's your typical White Castle. Small portions & very greasy. You always have to order more sliders than you think, if you just have a normal appetite; and even more sliders if you're really hungry! What makes this White Castle unique is that they serve breakfast items from 5am - 11am, and they also sell cold draft beer. It's a good place to get cheap food at any hour of the day/night. In the past, the only place to get 24/7 fast food was at McDonald's. It's a novelty to finally have a White Castle in the West Coast; but at the end of all things.., it's still just a fast food chain. It's just nice to have another alternative than the McDonald's on the Las Vegas strip.	Breakfast is served 5am-11am. They're opened 24/7 and they also have cold draft beer.
5P4J6isIOngEkFsT17Gh7w	dKdApYVFDSNYsNOso6NYlA	5	EsRBQuUnLro5LzeQ6LHWuw	Yes we went again. My first review was lower only because the Las Vegas prices are higher than what I'm used to in the Detroit area. Food was fine. This time we looked past the prices and just fixated on the food. The burgers were as good as any WC anywhere but the fries weren't exactly fresh. So while I could knock them for the fries, it's a White Castle and it was a WC experience The line wasn't long, the wait for the food was alright and the burgers were as good as any. They don't serve win mustard and ketchup but when you have such a massive operation as the LV location you make allowances. Kudos for a great "dinner". Work on those fries and we'll be back monthly because.....it's White Castle baby!	Good time to go is between dinner and late night. That's about 8-8:30 PM. They even say they get real busy again around 11Pm.
CZs1Eq7t1fqpXV1yox-CVg	dKdApYVFDSNYsNOso6NYlA	5	DzYxTjrim8T5Kh4HLQY1vA	Thankful the 'belly bombers' are now on Vegas. I was raised on White Castle ;) nothing beats those grilled onions! I usually order a dozen with cheese and a dozen without. Recently tried the fudge dipped brownie!	Show that NV is for a local's discount!
Sa188vbMOMh7ca_poMcC7Q	dKdApYVFDSNYsNOso6NYlA	1	ZfKxJdX-B4t4KWY0zql8OA	I once waited an hour for a seventh course meal and it was still faster than this. Only reason I even attempted to wait this long is because I made myself believe that the bun was made of Egyptian papyrus scrolls and the meat was made of brontosaurus....	Best tip. Don't come here.
Sa188vbMOMh7ca_poMcC7Q	dKdApYVFDSNYsNOso6NYlA	1	ZfKxJdX-B4t4KWY0zql8OA	I once waited an hour for a seventh course meal and it was still faster than this. Only reason I even attempted to wait this long is because I made myself believe that the bun was made of Egyptian papyrus scrolls and the meat was made of brontosaurus....	Great place to watch moss grow.
zBi_JWB5uUdVuz3JLoAxGQ	dKdApYVFDSNYsNOso6NYlA	3	rT3lGuWhX5vy8oizMpFwTg	Mmmm White Castle...brings me back to my college days every time I visit one! I was stoked when I heard they were opening a WC in Vegas because that means I no longer have to seek them out when traveling back to the Midwest. I knew the crowds would be bad so I waited a couple weeks before checking it out. But little did I know there would still be crowds and long lines! If you come to this location, expect to wait in 2 separate lines: 1 outside to get into the store and another to order once you get inside. The security guards were a little rude during this whole process, which may turn me off from this location for a while, at least until the lines die down a little. This location is also much more expensive than other WC locations I've been to...probably because it's located on the Las Vegas Strip versus some southside hood. The food is on par with any other WC's and is something people either love or hate. You'll never meet someone that just thinks White Castle is alright. They will either love it or hate it and this one is no exception. My favorites here are the cheeseburger sliders and chicken rings. Their fries suck so I would stay away from those. I thought maybe this location would be different because it would be fresher due to higher turnover from the crowds but nope...still sucks! They had a full staff working and the food comes out surprisingly fast for the amount of customers they're serving. Like all their locations, this one is 24/7 so you can get your fix anytime!	Come early! Lines are still long although it moves faster than it looks
x_hmLAM2KUSmci3JqGWH0g	dKdApYVFDSNYsNOso6NYlA	3	PnwuvmL2wfheyiAY-pD0jg	It is late night, hangover food. The sliders are squishy in texture. The fries are fast food fries. It isn't bad, but it won't make your tastebuds sing either. It's a cheap meal when you are hungry and broke on the strip.	They give locals a discount!
7PJmNyB51JYK00dVhk6hPQ	dKdApYVFDSNYsNOso6NYlA	1	hRNE7pLmLHpBuBoxdHusuQ	If you're looking for garbage, this is the place to go. Came here in the AM expecting some decent, if not lower quality food to fill my drunken hungry state. The quality and taste of this food is absolutely appalling. This establishment needs to shut itself down for the betterment of he public. The only reasonably enjoyable portion of my meal was the soda that came from the soda machine.	If you're looking for garbage, this is the place to go.
LS50MEzvPY2Q90kPr0rbQA	dKdApYVFDSNYsNOso6NYlA	2	vtW8X2_eEizG1hOGX1U2Og	White Castle of the East on the Vegas of the West! I've been to a White Castle before in the Bronx of NYC wile on tour being that is the only other time I've actually had their food you so know that we are going here especially late night after a few drinks! Being from California we don't have White Castles anywhere around so we go to In In Out and it's always just magically delicious and what we crave! The burgers here were soggy but I think it's because they steam them overall I'm not a fan of soggy buns I wasn't impressed enough by the burgers to ever really want to visit one of their locations again. The onion chips were decently good though and went well with their BBQ sauce and made your burger taste a bit better if you added one to it. The other thing I thought was funky was how they had chicken rings and onion chips either way I don't find my self craving anything from here like they advertise. The line moves fairly quick though well at least for us it did as well as our food came out quickly too! They sell beer here too so that's definitely awesome if your in it for a burger and beer! Well what I will say is if you have never visited a White Castle and your next to one after you've had a few drinks pay them a visit because you might like it more than I did.	In In Out is 100x better than White Castle could ever hope to be!
C33jYEB59s4cYSYZyn_wxw	dKdApYVFDSNYsNOso6NYlA	1	J3D5f0Rf2zFGn-_pX5hWQg	This place is awful!!! Whole family got sick from eating there. What type of meat is being used???	This place is awful!!! Felt sick after I ate there.
ywgGlGLRmvCIu6iCtJnODQ	dKdApYVFDSNYsNOso6NYlA	4	D97UapIW-seReMGi4haIfA	I'm completely in love with this place but you won't be full unless you spend at least 20$. So satisfying especially after watching Harold and Kumar and the place is open 24/7!	Love this place open 24 hours
G0ukoGsG5-O1YQ8gUAOtNQ	dKdApYVFDSNYsNOso6NYlA	5	_3t-8SCTIAzlwmT2ZgNLoA	Good Mini burger with lots of fresh onions can't get enough of these burgers yummy I can't wait to go back will tell all people in California	Good Mini burger with lots of fresh onions
G0ukoGsG5-O1YQ8gUAOtNQ	dKdApYVFDSNYsNOso6NYlA	5	_3t-8SCTIAzlwmT2ZgNLoA	Good Mini burger with lots of fresh onions can't get enough of these burgers yummy I can't wait to go back will tell all people in California	Good Mini burger with lots of fresh onions can't get enough of these burgers yummy
4wdHHZNtEO6a6yXfEJZEaQ	dKdApYVFDSNYsNOso6NYlA	5	Ku10BuAjEh_pmkIJj7OVDw	Great things come in little packages... I love me some White Castle!! I've been to multiple locations on the east coast, and wish they would come to Cali, but Vegas is close enough for now. Having the cheeseburgers made fresh are 20x better than the frozen ones. Hands down, my favorite tasting fast food cheeseburger. I love the Hawaiian style sweet bread for a bun, the grilled chopped onions, the juicy flavor of the meat and the melted cheese. The chicken was juicy and tender and the breading was a little crunchy. Mmmmmm so good for a quick bite to eat. Many people come here to try the burgers and complain that they are small. Duhhh, they are called cravings because they are small slider type mini burgers. Either way, I love their burgers, and am glad to see a closer location. This location has beer, soda, donuts, fries, burgers with and w/out cheese, and chicken sandwiches. The line was long when I arrived, but moved really quick. The food was ready within 4 minutes and there was plenty of seats inside. We enjoyed our food before we continued walking, and took the 4 cheeseburgers we had left for later. Whenever I am in Vegas, you can guarantee I will stop by.	They serve beer and have donuts!!
wqOa9V4WThq452EwHt8_xg	dKdApYVFDSNYsNOso6NYlA	5	6JBKAoXEjZN3-krGXkfItQ	Food is great this is the new burger spot for a while, good location and service it was busy at first but now it's pretty mellow	Food is great this is the new burger spot for a while, good location and service
wqOa9V4WThq452EwHt8_xg	dKdApYVFDSNYsNOso6NYlA	5	6JBKAoXEjZN3-krGXkfItQ	Food is great this is the new burger spot for a while, good location and service it was busy at first but now it's pretty mellow	Food is great this is the new burger spot for a while, good location and service try out the chicken sliders and cheese fries
PXG-QAqIfk8LC7XkD-WnTQ	dKdApYVFDSNYsNOso6NYlA	3	5BkOQ7X1YPUeybR65FeBbA	I feel compelled to review this White Castle mainly because of the stream of slightly negative reviews. First things first, White Castle does not serve a killer gourmet 16 ingredient big burger. They're small simple classic sliders from the oldest American fast food chain. People who have had them both crave it and are nostalgic for it. Bottom line is to appreciate for what it is. Simple. We went here on a Harold and Kumar esk trek from Downtown LV. The location is convenient to guests of the Casino Royale or any strip hotel connected to it. Way less convenient for all others. We parked in Harrah's which is fairly close and you can walk to the joint inside the casino as Harrah's and Casino Royale are connected. Parking is free and the walk is less than 5 mins. I've heard a lot about the insane lines so we opted to go when all others are asleep at 5am. Yes, burgers for breakfast!! Walked up and ordered in less than 2 minutes and food served 5 minutes after that. Employees were friendly and obviously over whelmed by the onslaught of customer pouring in all day. I was impressed they were so positive and that's certainly not been my experience in White Castles past. The crew were bantering with each other making for a positive vibe which was nice especially if you've getting beat down by the casinos. I'd say enjoy the multitude of employees that are working in anticipation of the crowds because when it's slow its still fresh and super fast. There's a couple of workers constantly cleaning so the place is well kept and clean. Another nice change based on my past experiences with this chain else where. The set up can make the view from the strip looking in deceiving. While it may look like there's a large crowd it could just be people eating their food and standing around. The dining area is toward the strip and the ordering area is inward. I'd say a good rule is if you see a line extending out doors then ok it's a long line. Else you should check inside cause the line may not be that long. We had the 20 originals with 2 fries combo for $28. Just over a buck each which is standard. They could gouge us but I'm glad to see they didn't. We have eaten these many times so having these without being in the mid west is a treat indeed. These little suckers and simple and tasty. Soft bun, slim patty, grilled onions and a garlic-esk seasoning makes em tasty. They pretty much melt in your mouth which I love. Swallow em whole I say (I can't btw)! Average person can probably eat about 3-5. We had 10 each. Don't Judge!!! We weren't drunk or stoned. Fries are crinkle cut and crispy. Add some salt. Get one order fries for every 5 sliders. Bottom line is that it's a White Castle for those who have had em. The same except this one is very modern and much cleaner than those I've been. For Noobs, don't buy into the hype. Keep in mind, where these are from, they are very convenient, never crowded, and relatively cheap. Don't expect a miracle in a burger and you'll find they are great by their own right. These things have character like that cool friend everyone knows but nobody sees. Looking forward to having more next time I'm in town. Congrats Vegas! Lucky you.	Try off peak meal hours and park at Harrah's
Jn5hv5T5biR56PW_DPj7JQ	dKdApYVFDSNYsNOso6NYlA	2	AddnrBOTm0LVoOyG09YAAA	Got lucky and didn't wait long on a Saturday afternoon. First time but not impressed at all. Tastes like a McDonald's cheeseburger but a little tastier but with a higher price tag. Definitely not worth the trip.	Grab a bottle of $1 michelob lager (not so tasty but cheap) or $2.50 Heineken across the casino floor Beer here is $4-$6.
sELpZpITOy9abQB3YY2Ugg	dKdApYVFDSNYsNOso6NYlA	2	XGPpQ0nycIPPvIj02UNKNA	We literally had nothing better to do, so why the hell not. Got in line a little after 3pm on opening day. The line was long but very orderly, and moved consistently. Not as bad as Disneyland. The employees and volunteers were awesome. Everyone had a great attitude. It took about 40 mins to get to the front of the line, then once inside there was another small line of about 20 people deep. Right before we got inside, they started giving out free regular sliders as samples. I seriously thought about getting out of line after the sample. The beef is literally 1/8" thick. It's $1.09 for a plain slider, $1.50 for one with cheese. You would have to layer probably three patties to get it the same thickness of say a $1 burger at McD's. Imagine if you ordered a $1 burger at a fast food place and got a White Castle style slider. You'd be pissed right? But people are lining up for these and buying them by the box! You can add on extra pickles or onions for no charge, otherwise there is only one pickle. No sauce either, but you can ask for ketchup, mayo, etc. They have $5 shakes too, but no bourbon in them. They didn't even fill it to the top! Food 1 star Value/price 1 star Service and employees 4 star Got to hang out with Nik O and say hi to Niyen 5 star Likeliness of my returning 0 star I've never had White Castle before, and now I can say I did. I don't get what the big deal is though. In N Out hands down.	Line is wrapped around the corner down the alley
I0JqG0FOL1FXDTTi_VVJhg	dKdApYVFDSNYsNOso6NYlA	4	DRyF25xToznKWQZVJNCMdA	I see a lot of bad ratings about this place and while I can see how some people might feel, I think they got it all wrong. I mean you can't compare it to anything else which some do talking about how you can get bigger better burgers. You don't come here for a double double, you don't come here for a 1/2 lb patty. These are White Castle sliders. This is what you come here for. These mini perfect two bite sliders steamed on a bed of onions. The next complaint I hear is about the price being more expensive then back east. This is the Las Vegas strip. It's not cheap to be here. Let them make their money. It's not insane. Meals are about $8-$10. A damn McDonald's meal can come out to almost $7 or $8 off the strip, give them a break! In fact it's the same price or maybe even a little cheaper than when it comes to the foodie festival and no one complains about that. And this is a legit White Castle. Not a truck just serving the sliders. The sliders are the real deal. The sides are good, small, but good. The service is impeccable. Even with long lines you get your food in 5-10 minutes. I got mines in 3. It's kept as clean as possible considering the crowd that comes through here. The bottom line is this is secured in my places to eat at and I'm more than thankful to have it so close to me. The only reason for the 4 stars instead of 5 is the casino it's in, and the type of crowd that comes from that casino. You'll see what I mean. To get an idea, as I write this review, there have been literally thousands of people who have gone here and only 55 yelp reviews. So they're not exactly the courteous foodie type. But it's White Castle, and it's here, the farthest west it's ever been. Try it. Love it. Carry on.	Loaded fries. Get the loaded fries.
v4BuO7vdeXZzRixtKRdxZA	dKdApYVFDSNYsNOso6NYlA	3	uY8ZNqWTRe1N0K3W4BmRlQ	Decent. Expected more but decent Forsure. I don't wanna say overrated but Yelp wouldn't let me leave it at decent ( words min.) so now that I think about it I'm leaning towards overrated.	Decent. Expected more but decent Forsure.
pDfL8xt8F8ls0-kQIG_ADg	dKdApYVFDSNYsNOso6NYlA	2	Ilb6_hheJP6N7KK7aNNL_Q	Wow. At least I can say I've knocked White Castle of my bucket list. Even though they make the burgers "fresh", I can pretty much say there isn't much difference in taste between these and the frozen ones you can get at the grocery store. The "beef" quality is right up there with Taco Bell's mystery beef, no bueno. A 10 pack was like $10. I had two burgers back at my hotel and didn't even finish the rest. Thanks for the hype Harold and Kumar!! Ya'll should have went to In-N-Out!	It's in between the linq hotel and the Venetian. Next to madam tussauds
QKeh6GUPHetOl7gLdgXhNQ	dKdApYVFDSNYsNOso6NYlA	3	M86F0Jzdd7EZ9C5k5IjRQg	Came here for EDC weekend and the wait was crazy long! I believe I wanted for around 2 hours. This place is perfect for midnight munchies because it's open 24/7. You can order combos or the items separately. I got the jalapeño burger with white cheese pickles and onions, a cheeseburger, and the loaded fries. I felt that the burgers tasted subpar at best and for sure I've had better. But if you're getting fast food style sliders these will somewhat hit the spot. The fries were a bit salty for me so I'm not really a fan. Don't forget to get condiments. They don't provide them to you so you have to ask for it. I would recommend the Düsseldorf mustard. To me it's a bit spicier than regular mustard. Also they have "swag" aka souvenirs that you can purchase and if you like beer they do have alcohol at this location. TL;DR Don't expect fancy ass burgers for a fast food slider place. Keep in mind these guys have to make even 100 sliders for just one or many orders. Also it is a bit pricy here so order wisely.	EDC weekend and this place is packed on a Friday morning at 2:46 AM!
IGipd-w68n2bEQN3yX7GYQ	dKdApYVFDSNYsNOso6NYlA	1	EsPfr0RsgK9FTn3RmBPv0Q	The absolute worst crap Ive had in a while. Eastcoasters say its the best food they had growing up! !! You people are crazy. This can't be life. Avoid. You have been warned. If you didn't grow up on this, don't die on it. Eat some real food.	You can do better. Seriously.
UzcvzQlG7jsVGIsI4H7cIg	dKdApYVFDSNYsNOso6NYlA	3	kX8TsHw6YlY74m8hDPCuyQ	I was extremely excited when I found out White Castle came to vegas. I remember eating those ones you get in the freezer section at the grocery store. The burgers at White Castle taste exactly like the ones in the frozen section. I am very disappointed. First of all, every worker here looks miserable. Does anybody know how to smile? Say thank you? Don't you work in customer service? I've worked in food and beverage and customer service for a long time and I know that your job can be stressful or whatever but at least look up at me and look like you care. I feel this place could benefit from the manager monitoring everyone. Anyway, I order original cheese sliders and jalapeño cheese sliders. I am awaiting for my number to be called then loudly and obnoxiously on the intercom I hear mine. I'm pretty excited still. I go up to get my food and then ask for ketchup. The lady goes to grab ketchup and hands it to me without saying anything. Then I ask for ranch. She looks irritated and then goes and grabs me ranch. I also asked for mayo then she finally looked up at me, kind of rolled her eyes, grabs that even more frustrated and hands it over. She never said one word to me. The burgers... were okay. I open the bun and the cheese is not melted. In some of them they were partially melted. But man.. at least throw it in the toaster oven or microwave or something. I hate cold cheese. It doesn't look like I'll be coming back. I can just go to the store, buy the freezer ones and warm those up.	They could at least serve the food hot. I hate cold cheese on my burgers
R4cr2QIiBnUmALbjaRISQg	dKdApYVFDSNYsNOso6NYlA	3	DG_jUYiCzKsMHTHruIRobA	This place is whateves to me because it basically tastes like the ones you buy frozen. My boyfriend was eager to come here so we did and he likes it. The reason for my three star is that it's not that bad and I think you should come here at least once for the experience. You have probably been to many fast food-chain like McDonald's, Wendy's and Jack in the box... right? So why not add this to your list? Yes it's a little overpriced but it's on the strip and rent is high but if this place was elsewhere it will be a lot cheaper. However Just enjoy it I'm sure you can try to win ten bucks at a table and try White Castle for free... Hahaha	Just go for it... It's worth a try..
aU6Mq536aI1r_BunJE-V2w	cBu6Xc328h_ydhsUM9J6aQ	3	geQzylc2U6G3G_apqRF2uA	Résumé : 17$ pour 10 ailes de poulets à l'ail et soya pour emporter, soit 1,70$ par aile. Les ailes sont bonnes, avec un bon ratio poulet/friture. J'ai aimé le daikon mariné qui venait avec pour diluer le goût trop sucré et salé de la sauce. Trop cher pour ce que c'est. Service: Considérant que des commentaires indiquaient que le service était lent, j'ai commandé d'avance pour emporter. La serveuse ne comprenait pas le français et m'a demandé de commander en anglais. Ce qui n'est pas étonnant pour le quartier, mais quand même décevant. Nourriture: J'ai aimé les ailes de poulet. Un peu trop sucré, ce qui peut tomber sur le cœur à la longue, mais le daikon (radis) mariné permet de changer le goût entre deux bouchées. Le poulet était bien croustillant et goûtait bon, mais ne vaut pas le prix demandé. Prix: À ce prix, on peut se permettre de bien meilleur repas dans le coin. Ambiance: Il y a des places assises, mais c'est un petit restaurant. Ambiance pour jeunes universitaires ou famille plutôt que pour un souper romantique. Il y a une tv avec musique coréenne.	Ils prennent la carte de débit et les cartes de crédit.
_C6h_diJkg76kL7kJuZOhg	cBu6Xc328h_ydhsUM9J6aQ	4	xpDIrAhxXzGRjceeTiaO2A	It was great I had cheessy bread and large spicy chicken for 33$ The chicken was well seasonned but I expected more cheesy bread for 4.99 but the cheesy bread was crispy and tasted really good !	It was great I had cheessy bread and spicy chicken for 33$
PM7YNNnX2kLlY9i_QRGtCQ	n8KZA9G4FvGqDBWIscpz9Q	5	5cZd1CgRyY9voC9GdP573g	Awesome service and the food was fantastic! Was greeted immediately and even asked if we needed an outlet to charge my phone.	Awesome service and the food was fantastic!
uJT01BAny0PdyD7gAejEwQ	n8KZA9G4FvGqDBWIscpz9Q	4	7jZe7LA8nIL6Fu9tvrJmLQ	Food was nice and hot. Loved the crab puffs. Mongolian beef was a bit on the sweet side. Customer service was awesome!!!	AJK are the owner's initials...
NfiOXjoWnGOLVAzBHmyl1Q	n8KZA9G4FvGqDBWIscpz9Q	5	E3Q58ry4QWo-toL8FQoOwg	We enjoy coming here. Nice variety and reasonably priced. Food tastes good and service is prompt.	Food tastes great and service was fast.
EC5TGpxONfz4IZIjML0DpQ	XSiqtcVEsP6dLOL7ZA9OxA	4	1GVBdK5YVE8r9CJxOYCE2g	I love soups and sometimes ignorance can truly be bliss. I know my way around Pho's and Pork Bone soups, however Ramen, I can't say much except that I enjoy them. As such, I do happen to like Kenzo. Both times I have been there, the new location has been mostly empty --including dinner time here, so I would take most people don't know about this location yet, even though it is listed on their website. The first time I was there I had a Netsu Ramen which --with limited experience found to be very tasty. The second time I had their Orochong ('cause youth love it ;-) ...which I found good but I actually preferred their Netsu better. Mind you that is a matter of taste, not quality. On a positive note, the waiter came after our meal and asked what we thought of it. If perhaps it was too salty or if there was anything they could do to improve the dish.... WHAT? Really? For better or worse, I cannot even remember when was the last time I was asked that in a restaurant. It was appreciated, however due to my lack of Ramen experience, I really could not give any meaningful feedback. As far as quality, I could not how "authentic" it was. I could only assume that it is not. But unlike places like Pho88, where their pho is neither authentic or that well made, this simile of Ramen was quite delicious given it's lack of authenticness. If you have never been to Japan then I very much recommend this place. However if you HAVE been to Japan, chances are that you know better and probably just come her because the selection in Canada is so slim. Having said that, I will keep an eye for other Ramen places to expand my palette. However next time I go back, I will have check out the King Ramen.	If you like spicy but not uncomfortable hot then go for hotness level number 2, avoid 3 unless you are macho and want to risk mild chocking while your mouth get used to it.
BsARs-RfJUj5r-TaVxUVVw	XSiqtcVEsP6dLOL7ZA9OxA	3	PdpNEMV-scBChyL_P3j65g	With a sudden ramen craving that fell upon me, I decided to check out where the closest ramen joint to my work was with my handy dandy Yelp app. Luckily for me, Kenzo was less than 5 minutes away, hurrah! You may not notice Kenzo if you're not looking for it, it's easy for smaller spots to get lost in the hustle & bustle of Yonge St, I find! Service here is easily 5 stars. My waitress was super sweet, attentive, and friendly. Lots of solo eaters and small tables, so if you are popping by on a quick solo lunch, or even just wandering the area solo looking for a bite to eat, Kenzo is ideal. I went with the Tonkotsu ramen (which came within MINUTES of me ordering! Wow! Talk about speedy!) which was tasty, though I felt the pork could have used a bit more seasoning. Minus a few points because a.) I think the floor must have been very recently washed because it was quite wet and I almost slipped walking to my table - no signs warning about this - eep! & b.) Got unlucky with a wobbly table (those drive me bonkers!) All in all a solid 3.5/5. One of the better lunch spots in the area, not to mention some of the best service. I will most certainly be back!	Awesome lunch spot if you work in the area and are dining solo!
IXSTfBSe56Z0RvYg4Cfn2w	qU4wrOVqDfddr9PP_ssmUA	3	EfZfYyx7pN6e_xL1y1tNQA	I like In and out burger. The prices are reasonable. the menu is simple. The burger is good. But I do have a problem with the massive lines and the seating. I assume that this is the way In and out burger is but I do not like to wait for a burger then have to scan the room for a dirty table that I have to wipe down myself.	So good I hate when I eat some of the brown paper but oh well
dqWVETGq5f_e0K85B_vvnw	qU4wrOVqDfddr9PP_ssmUA	5	NZ5EMhGn6qxtF6-4j4yygg	Absolutely one of the best fast food restaurants ever!!! Never had a bad meal here and always friendly staff. Be sure to look of the secret codes to order as they will make much more than what is on there general menu. Recommend the Double-Double with animal style fries and a drink. I hope one day they put one in Seattle, WA.	Double-Double with animal style fries!!!
6MscFm6i5RL_HdXZdZvvcA	qU4wrOVqDfddr9PP_ssmUA	1	ZJvu73OrGg_i9tJXKoOoGw	Black shoe leather. Worst burger ever. Don't use the drive up as they will dump their rejects on you.	Black shoe leather. Worst burger ever.
f8W2Qv9QosVaP-dRQwLEyw	qU4wrOVqDfddr9PP_ssmUA	4	MVkbWNRCc33mWx-ZapZfzA	in the immortal words of the Bangles: If you want to find all the cops, They're hanging out in the In-N-Out. They sing and dance (Oh-Way-Oh) They spin their clock and cruise on down the block at least I think that is how it goes now =P Seriously they had about 4-5 squad cars here when I swung through late at night with a friend to get something on the way back to SURPRISE where we were staying. It is awesome that they are always open late. Pro Tip: Do not try and rob this location. You are likely to find more cops than in a doughnut shop grubben or chillaxen here! The grub was pretty tasty. Exactly what you would expect from In-N-Out. The double double was tasty. I stole some fries from my friend since I didnt wanna eat a lot of them. Carb overload on the fries ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh... i can feel the fat growing even now from the carbs... This place is tasty and worth a stop. Its everything you could want in a quick burger and is the only "fast food" joint just about that I will eat at on rare occasion. Enjoy it, it is tasty.	All the cops were grubben together here
HnfktbfTW1vt7ZDZn5MSRQ	qU4wrOVqDfddr9PP_ssmUA	5	CBeaVDOPl0LZ6mfp0PxH3w	Worth the wait - love this place - lucky if i get it every 5-10 years. You can't go wrong with in-n-out. Menu isnt big so just het a burger and fries. I suggest the burger "animal style" and pink lemonade if you are't getting a milkshake.	Worth the wait - love this place - lucky if i get it every 5-10 years
BTkjBJ-ocgYBqOkS1hctVw	tq_hA-LBU_NJLmXq-yVw9A	5	MJRFndCS6854ycnpprEKyw	Great live Jazz every Wednesday! Terrific atmosphere and very friendly people. Go for a drink and enjoy the live music.	Great live Jazz every Wednesday!
hlyPJO4tvEM0VDEhag1otQ	ZrCwXV2BzrVpeLdFcLilKQ	3	m86fV8wHKiSV3Wh1ZZdQdg	Service ok, essen ok aber nichts besonderes eben . Wenn einen amerikanischen Namen hat und auch noch damit wirbt erwartet man mehr...	Service ok, essen ok aber nichts besonderes eben .
YFq5XgXlIOR33uRTpZGwMA	ZrCwXV2BzrVpeLdFcLilKQ	4	0nrXdtL2lL9oG-TGzai3BA	Das Essen schmeckt, wie immer gut. Die Bedienung ist freundlich und baut zum Teil Kontakt zu den Gästen auf. Es werden neue Getränke vorgeschlagen, die es erst seit kurzem gibt. Manchmal wird gefragt, ob man irgendwo etwas dazu haben will und sich so einen individuellen Cocktail machen lassen will. Alles auf eine Art und Weise, die freundlich, aber nicht aufdringlich ist und man sich nicht schon "fast" verpflichtet fühlt etwas zu bestellen. Ich kann eigentlich nicht mehr viel (zum oberen Abschnitt und) zum ersten Beitrag hinzufügen außer, dass die Toiletten/ Räume nicht gerade die neuesten sind. Sie sind nicht unsauber, aber das Wasser ist ziemlich kühl und an der Wand geht langsam, die Tapete ab. Unterm Strich kann ich es dennoch fast nur empfehlen. (3,8 Sterne von 5; MB)	Das Essen ist ganz gut. Es macht Spaß dort zu sein. Die Bedienung Ist freundlich und gibt gute Tipps. Die Stimmung ist gut und mein Beef Bürger war wieder ziemlich ausgezeichnet.
EiP1OFgs-XGcKZux0OKWIA	v95ot_TNwTk1iJ5n56dR0g	2	RkApSv44KgypbxUEVi4QZA	I really want to give Vince more stars, but I can't per the dinner last evening. The main reason for the low rating was the inefficiency of the kitchen. We placed our orders at 6:38pm (the ticket was time stamped). We ordered a seafood tofu hot pot and a honey and pepper eel dish. The hot pot arrived in 15 minutes. The eel arrived at around 7:30pm. Yap, it was a whole 35 minutes wait for the second dish. We asked the waitress to follow up on the eel dish twice. A manager finally lost it and took our ticket to the kitchen to follow up the third time. (At least the service on the restaurant front was good). I noticed that 2 other tables around us also asked to follow up on their orders. To be fair, both the hot pot and the eel dish were delicious without being oily at all. The hot pot was of reasonable portion size, and the eel dish was a bit smaller than average, but this was well compensated by the deliciousness. I have always enjoyed the overall dining experience at Vince since it has opened. I enjoy its dinner more than its dim sum. I hope the kitchen has had an off night yesterday only. I will surely return to dine again and update the rating. I hope the experience will be better.	This is a good, solid mid range restaurant. Avg price for non-seafood is approximately $16
CxDOIDnH8gp9KXzpBHJYXw	v95ot_TNwTk1iJ5n56dR0g	3	Nfu6gYva7Gz63KAX90zGGQ	Vince Seafood Restaurant & BBQ has one of the most value in weekday dim sum offering around on a weekday morning! Before 11 am, it is 10% off $2.28 S/M/L size and free tea. Not surprisingly that it was packed with seniors that ordering a lot food to take out for lunch and dinner later to enjoy. Dim Sum menu is quite interesting with a mix of classical and chiu chow style dim sum. And at this price point, my Yelp friend ordered quite a few and more from the menu. Shrimp Dumpling "Har Gow" - A-OK Pork Dumpling with Liver on Top "Siu Mai" - Meh, not crazy about overcooked liver Pork Rib with Black Bean and Olive Sauce - good portion Bean Curd Skin Roll with Mix Chinese Vegetable - lacking filling Dumpling in Lotus Leaf - love this! great contrast of taste and texture! Beef Tender in Spicy Sauce - Tender enough but really lacking any spice, more on the sweet side Crystal Dumplings in Fish Papaya Soup - huge dumplings!!! shrimp has great bite! Roast Pork Belly Roll - Not fatty enough and a little dry Rice Roll with Whole Shrimp - shrimp quite mushy and rice roll itself a little too thin Overall the quality and quantity are great! A little mix up here and there but service is friendly and decent. My Yelp friend wants to try the Steamed Fish Intestine Egg Custard... I guess have to come back another time for that!	No dim sum special on statutory holidays! Go only if you want to pay full price!
tgUvk_rJXFr24q-X7I1U2A	wRnHhHISzEjB3jxwGtTpXg	4	BpbKnXbjEmTghJaNK7i7rw	Always helpful staff. Super convenient and easy to get in and out of. Small selection of juices for this gurl who loves her fresh juices. Tip: Check out their clearance area. I've got some great ASU gear from them!	Going late night gives you some of the best customer service. You can always find great deals on Cardinal/ASU gear!
tIKxCEfWgk06fxHC8F-KgA	wRnHhHISzEjB3jxwGtTpXg	2	rAVrRpMeV6hab9W-dmvOoQ	I come here only when there's a deal or for the fried chicken... But I try to avoid coming as much as possible. The staff can be very rude and snobbish (for someone working a menial job).	They have a great deal on fried chicken at the deli.
alv_EJkNj1dpMVlwPdmIjQ	wRnHhHISzEjB3jxwGtTpXg	3	CJedN14Nsx5OEq5QGOdd_A	They have a meatless section! Although there's a sign on the board, there really isn't a lot of selection for vegetarian alternatives in the frozen section. Was a little underwhelmed when I saw the sign -- I thought maybe I had found a little frozen vegetarian paradise. Turns out that's not the case.	They have a meatless section!
DCiGavlfmEb5rpDYvRecSQ	50pDd3dmJCb6m9JxBUq7KA	5	nC-eZbyQxXdKS5YkCvULlA	We've been loving OMB beers for 2 years now, and are really glad that the full kitchen is now open! Head out on Friday night for beer, dinner, and live music, or Saturday afternoon for football and a tour. Also, be sure to get tickets for Mecktoberfest (October 1st, 2011) because that is a day of fun that you'll be sorry to miss.	Enjoying the shade and breeze on the Biergarten with the dogs and a pint of Kolsner!
DCiGavlfmEb5rpDYvRecSQ	50pDd3dmJCb6m9JxBUq7KA	5	nC-eZbyQxXdKS5YkCvULlA	We've been loving OMB beers for 2 years now, and are really glad that the full kitchen is now open! Head out on Friday night for beer, dinner, and live music, or Saturday afternoon for football and a tour. Also, be sure to get tickets for Mecktoberfest (October 1st, 2011) because that is a day of fun that you'll be sorry to miss.	Here with the Richmond Hoppers for Bavarian Hops!
DCiGavlfmEb5rpDYvRecSQ	50pDd3dmJCb6m9JxBUq7KA	5	nC-eZbyQxXdKS5YkCvULlA	We've been loving OMB beers for 2 years now, and are really glad that the full kitchen is now open! Head out on Friday night for beer, dinner, and live music, or Saturday afternoon for football and a tour. Also, be sure to get tickets for Mecktoberfest (October 1st, 2011) because that is a day of fun that you'll be sorry to miss.	Meeting great people from @CharlotteIMA here at @OldeMeckBrew tonight! @Jonsieevans trivia was a blast!
DCiGavlfmEb5rpDYvRecSQ	50pDd3dmJCb6m9JxBUq7KA	5	nC-eZbyQxXdKS5YkCvULlA	We've been loving OMB beers for 2 years now, and are really glad that the full kitchen is now open! Head out on Friday night for beer, dinner, and live music, or Saturday afternoon for football and a tour. Also, be sure to get tickets for Mecktoberfest (October 1st, 2011) because that is a day of fun that you'll be sorry to miss.	WFNZ Taylor Zarzour and Marc Jacobs here today with WFNZ and Outland Cigars foe Masters kickoff party!
YRcaNlwQ6XXPFDXWtuMGdA	50pDd3dmJCb6m9JxBUq7KA	4	0SxGwoLAc1McYVJ-Eb-RkA	Of all the breweries I visited in Charlotte, this was was the most interesting. Everything here is from Germany, even the furniture. From what was explained in the tour, the owner wanted to keep everything in a strict fashion as to the way beer is made in Germany. While I didn't really learn anything new on the tour about how beer is made, I have to say that the delivery of the information was the best I've seen. The guy giving the tour was extremely knowledgeable. One thing I did find interesting about the brewery was that they keep their own yeast cultures which isn't something you see a ton of these days. I tried a flight with an extra tasting on the side so that I could try everything they had available that day. My personal favourite of the day was the Captain Jack. The Domm Kolsch was good also and it was cool to find out that it came from a home brewer who won a contest. While OMB's beers weren't my favourite of the Charlotte breweries I visited I would recommend anyone to come check these guys out.	Try the Brauhaus Reserve beers. Only available at the brewery.
E_y64BhT6PcSitLePSH6AQ	50pDd3dmJCb6m9JxBUq7KA	5	G3H3365aMSxCb58D9uXseg	What a great spot...so glad we found this spot...i will definitely be coming here more often. .i hear they are opening up a spot right down the road can't wait to see how awesome that will be. I will be coming back for sure!!	What a great spot...so glad we found this spot...i will definitely be coming here more often. .i hear they are opening up a spot right down the road can't wait to see how awesome that will be. I will be coming back for sure!!
QYobbHEmhLGuS6QDqVRTLw	50pDd3dmJCb6m9JxBUq7KA	4	N5Xj2EMhT78yusie9pwzmg	Solid beer, great atmosphere, good German food. Gorgeous nite. Very fun place!	Solid beer, great atmosphere, good German food. Gorgeous nite. Very fun place!
f1mpas8kCQpVMVDPqR096A	50pDd3dmJCb6m9JxBUq7KA	5	5b8B9Mnjn5g949nbrg4RbA	Great brewery in Charlotte. The tap room reminds you of something you would see in Germany with the vaulted ceilings and iron chandeliers. I am a big fan of their seasonal beers...especially Mecktoberfest. They have it now and you need to get it as soon as possible. It is easy to drink and has a great full flavor. Just do it. They have live music on Friday nights during the summer. It is so nice to sit out side and listen to music while having 1 or 5 beers. Always a good time!	Mecktoberfest brew. Don't think about it...just order it and thank me later. It is easy to drink and unbelievably flavorful. All their beer is good really. I do frequent this establishment.
_5keMAmic7zzrnM5mVefBw	50pDd3dmJCb6m9JxBUq7KA	5	j9Hg73ggtj6aeS-e5DszDA	Love this place and love the fact they do event. They have parties and you can have your party there. Love the fact you can take some beer home and put it in the frig. Beers you just cant get in the store. Look forward to seeing the new place	The wheat bier is amazing Always have a fresh new bier just released
SlgpAnj2gQd44EM_Uq6DkQ	50pDd3dmJCb6m9JxBUq7KA	4	DkbIFgw71wIsJny01C1bwg	OMB, I've been raving about your beers ever since I found them at some of the local stores and restaurants. Tonight I was able to experience them at your brewery. This brewery is literally on my way home from work so it was quite convenient to stop Friday after work. On draft today was Copper, Capt Jack and Mecktoberfest, all of which I have tasted before, Copper reminds me of Yuengling...not as much body, but still a very good beer. Capt Jack is ok but like someone at my table said, it can be a little bitter. Now Mecktoberfest....I could bathe in this beer. It is definitely my favorite fall brew - so much flavor and so smooth. I can definitely see myself stopping here regularly on the way home from work. Just a note to the reviewer who gave poor ratings on the food, this is a brewery. You come here for the beer, not the food. Most small independent breweries don't give you the food option.	I could bathe in Mecktoberfest!
7jev9oqE9jawRKXAb7Vq_g	50pDd3dmJCb6m9JxBUq7KA	4	ANcZ-WOkXqv_UE4H5u7Dzg	I've been to OMB a few times now for different events, most recently the Brewer's Ball & Christmas Market. While I'm not a big beer person ( If I was I think I would be in beer heaven ) If I was. It may take you a little while to find this spot, since it's down an odd street in Charlotte. I have to give it to this place and their marketing team for always having interesting and community/ local events. What a huge selection of beer! You can even keep refilling you own beer jugs, how clever and environmentally friendly! I'll have to spot by during the summer months to catch some live music.	Brewer's Ball for a cure!
25VZNgds_vNR5-JucSyIRg	6jqn11judOhgBZlrwLPDtw	5	Ym4LQ0-xzH7lHfkjTJyePw	I came here a few weeks ago to look for frames for a few paintings that need them. The guy behind the counter was one of the nicest and most helpful employees I've run across in a long time. It's refreshing to run into people who love what they do and are good at it. Props to him. I settled on a frame that only cost $40, but looked it would normally run over $100 due to its high quality. I was happy about this because I never like having to buy a frame that costs more than what I paid for the picture itself.	Second time I have come here. Exceptional service both times. Good prices too!
duvrl8AY7PqN-exdfSH5hw	TolwZ3L28or4E8SVTZUf6Q	5	gIGg-vu0nAXP7pih_sQUJg	This place has the best gluten-free pizza in town. Even if you aren't gluten free if you like thin crust, you will love Spinato's gluten-free pizza. I got it to go so can't speak to the restaurant ambiance, but staff were very pleasant. I'll definitely be going back.	Gluten free pizza is amazing here.
U2sN2-HGvh27FyXKFlvkBg	TolwZ3L28or4E8SVTZUf6Q	5	hrjpMVZRMBK5JQshES0W5g	HOLY SMOKES! I now have FOUR favorite Phoenix pizza places! With pizza I'm all about the sauce, and this is the shizz! Yeah it's sweet, like really sweet but I freakin' LOVE it! It's soooooooooo good that I don't even want a topping, just cheese and that fabulous sauce! This maybe my new favorite pizza but it's such a tough call. For the record ... the best in Phoenix (for me) ... in no particular order. Pizza A Metro (pepperoni) Spinato's (cheese) Cibo (Diavola which is the best topping I've ever had on a pizza) Pane Bianco All three just rock my world, man do I LOVE Spinato's!	I love love love the pizza
U2sN2-HGvh27FyXKFlvkBg	TolwZ3L28or4E8SVTZUf6Q	5	hrjpMVZRMBK5JQshES0W5g	HOLY SMOKES! I now have FOUR favorite Phoenix pizza places! With pizza I'm all about the sauce, and this is the shizz! Yeah it's sweet, like really sweet but I freakin' LOVE it! It's soooooooooo good that I don't even want a topping, just cheese and that fabulous sauce! This maybe my new favorite pizza but it's such a tough call. For the record ... the best in Phoenix (for me) ... in no particular order. Pizza A Metro (pepperoni) Spinato's (cheese) Cibo (Diavola which is the best topping I've ever had on a pizza) Pane Bianco All three just rock my world, man do I LOVE Spinato's!	One of the top 5 pizzas in Phoenix IMHO
U2sN2-HGvh27FyXKFlvkBg	TolwZ3L28or4E8SVTZUf6Q	5	hrjpMVZRMBK5JQshES0W5g	HOLY SMOKES! I now have FOUR favorite Phoenix pizza places! With pizza I'm all about the sauce, and this is the shizz! Yeah it's sweet, like really sweet but I freakin' LOVE it! It's soooooooooo good that I don't even want a topping, just cheese and that fabulous sauce! This maybe my new favorite pizza but it's such a tough call. For the record ... the best in Phoenix (for me) ... in no particular order. Pizza A Metro (pepperoni) Spinato's (cheese) Cibo (Diavola which is the best topping I've ever had on a pizza) Pane Bianco All three just rock my world, man do I LOVE Spinato's!	The pizza sauce is outta this world!
9VwMmu12Rx9jWyDumWAbew	TolwZ3L28or4E8SVTZUf6Q	5	oQCVjALPcw_b_VPfanfivw	Since moving more centralized, this has become my wife and I's favorite pizza for dine in and to go, as well as the Bell location. They offer gluten free crust, willing to do no cheese and several sizes of pizza, so your party can get one or two pizza's for all or everyone can get their own preference. I generally get the small size for myself, which leaves my with 30-40% of the pie for leftovers for breakfast or lunch. Not bad to get 2 meals for $8-12. The Lil' size is usually enough for 1, if you will not be near a fridge in the near future. My faves are the Spicy Italian and Canadian. The services is always, friendly and the staff makes you feel at home!	Can be very busy on weekend nights, so arrive early or you may want to order to go. Either way, it is worth it!
vj2RoqU4nRFG0YLbTG4etw	ElFjivhz41XfFiOogtTCvg	1	Yn0e41Y7QkbCT_uDkCLEgg	Came here on a Thursday night with a Buytopia deal for a 3 course meal for 2 people that comes with a glass of wine or beer. I wanted to call ahead to make a reservation but the phone number for the restaurant does not work during the day, it rings once then goes to a recorded message "Sorry the number you have called is not a sign". I called almost every hour from 12 until 5pm and finally by 6pm, the call gets through. Super weird! When we got there, the place had a few tables, but the vibe felt very empty. There was one server working all night. She seemed like she was either new or have barely any experience at all. She gave us the set menu to choose as we showed her the deal. She came back every 5 mins asking if we were ready and every time we would say we need more time. We asked for water to start off our meal and we didn't get it until 15 mins later after we ordered. And we had to remind her one last time before she came with it, most likely have forgotten when there's only one other table in the restaurant. She brought over some bread, which seemed like its homemade with a little olive oil drizzled on top of it. But as I took a little bit into the bread, I spilt it right out!! It was SUPER SALTY!!! Like it was dipped in salt or something!! Our appetizers came which was the grilled calamari and crab cakes. BOTH were SALTY as well! Calamari was cold topped with some homemade salsa which tasted like diced tomatoes and onions tossed in olive oil. There were canned grilled red peppers on the side but they were cold as if they literally came out of the fridge. The crab cake was one round piece size of your palm cut in half. I only tasted potatoes, corn and carrots. There was no crab or didn't see any sight of crab. Tasted like I was eating potato cakes instead. SUPER DISAPPOINTING!! The mains came, which were a tapilia and 7oz steak, both with vegetables. The tapilia was dry and tasted like it has been in the freezer for ages, it had a FREEZER TASTE! The steak was cooked at the right color but it tasted stale and you can tell by the texture that it's an old piece of steak. The texture felt like it was a medium well when I ordered a medium rare, it looked like a medium rare though, which I got so confused. The steamed/boiled vegetables were the WORSE!!! One big piece of brocoli that had to be boiled for over 10 mins, it was MUSHY like baby food! The carrots were also OVERCOOKED and MUSHY, also like baby food!! The potatoes were yukon gold, cut up into BIG chunks, some were also overcooked so it was MUSHY but there was one piece that was RARE, CRUNCHY when I bit into it. WORSE VEGETABLES I have ever eaten!! Desserts were a tiramisu and new york cheesecake. The cheesecake tastes okay since you can tell that it was store brought and not made in house. The tiramisu tasted okay but texture was SUPER MUSHY!! Overall, EVERYTHING IS BAD!! FOOD IS SALTY, MUSHY, totally NOT SUPPOSE TO BE WHAT IT TASTED!! The waitress was weird all night, everytime coming to the table making it very awkward; either trying to rearrange the dishes to make it seem more convinent for us but actually not, trying to ask us about the food but reacting in an awkward way, it just made us feel UNEASY! WILL NEVER COME BACK AND DON'T SUGGEST ANYONE COMING!!!!	Food is super salty!! Either under or over cooked!!!
DM9Gm9A_ydUl9qEdHFZlqg	uloYxyRAMesZzI99mfNInA	5	EFAFKe-QrS1fL4gjyS4cDw	Just a fabulous Italian restaurant. Their pizza is among the best we've had and their other dishes, including pasta, are just beautiful. Make sure to check outthe daily specials, the list can be extensive. Motorino is gorgeous inside, with a really cool vibe topped off with good service. A must visit in Woodbridge.	On our follow up visit, we made sure to listen to the entire 'daily specials' There are usually at least 10 and some just great. Don't miss them!
CxDOIDnH8gp9KXzpBHJYXw	uloYxyRAMesZzI99mfNInA	2	rS7SFScSJwqJiAo9Z-RiZw	Motorino Enoteca does have a modern and youth decoration. Loud, high energy and quite chic. I just wish the food and the services can be as high energy as the vibe! Dropping by for a late lunch and the services was just indifferent and slow. My Rigatoni alla Norma (Fried eggplant, light tomato sauce and Imported riotta salata) for $16 is not bad in taste but definitely overpriced. No bread was ever offered... wish I have that to dip it in the tomato sauce. Maybe it just me, if I ordered rounds and rounds of drinks, my services maybe a lot better? There are so many options of good Italian food in the area, I think I am going to skip Motorino!	Nice young and hip environment... But the food and service are meh!
bOYTuO_uzOcn8FdyhzLB1g	Zx_aBi88uJUdhHdTn33ATQ	5	_RcqAEtD3V27HEGZXLIrtQ	She did a fabulous job with my nails. Already have an appt set in 5 days. Wouldn't go to anyone else. It was an awesome experience being taken care of.	She did a fabulous job with my nails. Already have an appt set in 5 days.
tmJNu7wbTOdwv4J3_exQzQ	Zx_aBi88uJUdhHdTn33ATQ	5	ASEXrIKcQieSGEylPQ5wGQ	First time customer and Vicky was able to fit me in to her schedule extremely last minute. Her work is amazing and she was very gentle with my nails. I am so glad that I gave Vicky a call I will most definitely be going back to her. Thank You Vicky.	Great Customer Service Great Products & Nails that will Last
Rs2bBWj0f4EBVk6t5eXCYw	BOQOuwSNhfKx1xvKtONsBg	5	l49O8CJJnPofoCWU2AKpKQ	What can be said about this place that hasn't been said about world peace? It's wonderful but, vera pizza is possible now. I am somewhat of a regular here and need to get in the habit of checking-in, but I typically get a Settebello pizza, unsliced, with spicy oil. The reason for this, and after tasting all of the pizze on the menu, the Settebello has, by far, the best flavor combo if you're into a more savory, earthy flavor in pizza. My favorite in Las Vegas and the US, period. This is what real pizza, not greasy NY or Chicago style bs pizza, should and does taste like.	Best pizza in Las Vegas/US. That is all.
jSjqtfgkwicPurPJCLhIfA	BOQOuwSNhfKx1xvKtONsBg	4	TXkjpGK68vay5qOYHLE43A	Great pizzas and service. Each pizza are individual size. Just wished they had more choices since they only have 7-8 types of pizza.	Great pizzas and service. Each pizza are individual size.
ys0fyvMJfKyh1knTEWadbg	BOQOuwSNhfKx1xvKtONsBg	5	KN3OEi7RGG6KwewYuPa50w	Where do I start, the pizza... too obvious, ok ok uh, the meat.. Ya ya the meat! The prosciutto is better than any deli I've been to or maybe it's what that 900 degree wood fire oven does to it but it's lovely on my tongue. They don't have pepperoni, what you say, a pizza joint that doesn't have pepperoni is 5 stars? Yes they have a spicy salami and after, you'll wish your pizzeria did too! So yes the food is fantastic, but without the service no matter how good it was you wouldn't come back. They always greet you with a smile, make sure your cup no matter what it is, is always full.	Bring your appetite and taste of beer
0hL2l77z1TO4_qbGyrdHvg	BOQOuwSNhfKx1xvKtONsBg	4	r8jvAl9krRlkXGPZ2qG4aw	They now have happy hour, it's an added bonus! This place is close to our home and has delicious margerita pizza, which is what drives us in every time! The service can vary from bad to good; last time our waitress hardly showed at our table but today our waiter checked in on us three times -showing improvement!!!!	They now have happy hour, it's an added bonus!
A5A34ixb-yy6nwL42iZsnw	BOQOuwSNhfKx1xvKtONsBg	5	UPn2oFw1Vgm_BxDZ1tbd9w	It's been said that, "Time is money, money is power, power is pizza, and pizza is knowledge, let's go!" Settabello is the place to go to...absolutely where it's at for Napoletana style pizza! IMPORTANT NOTE: If you don't like Napoletana style pizza that is typically eaten with a knife and fork because it is chewy/wet/runny/soggy in the center then don't eat here. It's not their fault if they serve their product correctly. Settebello uses fresh, high-quality ingredients...they cook their pizza in wood burning ovens...they have an approachable wine list with lovely options...they have great salads and desserts to start and finish your meal with! Include a clean, welcoming environment, and Settabello is an easy "Good as it Gets" 5 Stars! My favorite pizzas are the following: Margherita DOC Diavola Pizza Carbonara Settebello Bianca I belong to runny egg yolks anonymous due to my addiction/infatuation for the golden spheres of flamboyant goodness that are egg yolks. Settebello does their Pizza Carbonara with a runny yoked egg on top. What's more? You can ask to have a runny egg atop any of their pizzas. I suggest experiencing the Diavola this way...you could also do the Settebello or Bianca this way, but even an addict such as me would leave the Margherita & M. DOC alone. Settebello is easily my vote for best Napoletana pizza in Vegas, but they might be my favorite pizza in Vegas of any style.	Add a runny egg to any pizza... such as the the Diavola! Super tasty!
A5A34ixb-yy6nwL42iZsnw	BOQOuwSNhfKx1xvKtONsBg	5	UPn2oFw1Vgm_BxDZ1tbd9w	It's been said that, "Time is money, money is power, power is pizza, and pizza is knowledge, let's go!" Settabello is the place to go to...absolutely where it's at for Napoletana style pizza! IMPORTANT NOTE: If you don't like Napoletana style pizza that is typically eaten with a knife and fork because it is chewy/wet/runny/soggy in the center then don't eat here. It's not their fault if they serve their product correctly. Settebello uses fresh, high-quality ingredients...they cook their pizza in wood burning ovens...they have an approachable wine list with lovely options...they have great salads and desserts to start and finish your meal with! Include a clean, welcoming environment, and Settabello is an easy "Good as it Gets" 5 Stars! My favorite pizzas are the following: Margherita DOC Diavola Pizza Carbonara Settebello Bianca I belong to runny egg yolks anonymous due to my addiction/infatuation for the golden spheres of flamboyant goodness that are egg yolks. Settebello does their Pizza Carbonara with a runny yoked egg on top. What's more? You can ask to have a runny egg atop any of their pizzas. I suggest experiencing the Diavola this way...you could also do the Settebello or Bianca this way, but even an addict such as me would leave the Margherita & M. DOC alone. Settebello is easily my vote for best Napoletana pizza in Vegas, but they might be my favorite pizza in Vegas of any style.	Kids pizzas aren't on the menu, but are available on request
JQIZhoQB-Tg9hdBEj90m4g	BOQOuwSNhfKx1xvKtONsBg	5	LCY-SUSHqf2Nt0phPGpKfQ	I spy a big pizza pie in your eye!!! (pointing finger)... There being several choices of eateries within Village Square, we happened upon Settebello with front door parking. It must've been a silent invite. Good to see it's not crazy busy. We were seated within a minute of walking in. Quickly, snapped a photo of the funny happy hour chalkboard. Got seated at a booth and flip page menus were left on the table to view. So glad it wasn't confusing. But with all the flavors and ingredients, it took a moment to decide. Let's just start with ice waters and a pitcher of white sangria. Perfect pick on the white sangria to bring out our cheerful sides hahaaa. Wine glasses are $5 during happy hour which is 'til 9pm on Thursdays. Now we know to order by glass instead of pitcher for happy hour. We tempted our taste buds with artichoke crostini; followed with Settebello pizza. It was described with Crushed Tomatoes, Pancetta, Wood Oven Sausage, Roasted Mushrooms, Toasted Pine Nuts, Mozzarella, Basil, Extra Virgin Olive Oil. OMG that was great! It wasn't so much the thin crust cuz it was soft; usually not my preference. But if anything has flavor scores, for me I just be quiet and GRUB. I had no expectations trying this place out, and the food has me starry eyed. Okay maybe the sangria was a booster. Interior is beautifully designed. I love the reused wood tables, and the mix of metals and stones. It's modern but they use a brick oven for their pizzas and you can actually watch them being made. There's bar stool seating around it for closer observation. Need to give Matt, our server, applauded acknowledgment for his polite attentive customer service too. They have a separate bar area where sports fanatics can watch and consume. The environment overall felt comfortable to chill and relax with the warm colors of the furniture and fixtures. At the same time Ness and I felt like we were in the spotlight, on our stage. We were only having a catch up conversation. Recommending Settebello for any reason cuz the food is really flavorful! Will return to try other pizzas. Also, cuz their white sangria causes laughter spurts. And we love to laugh :D	12" Margharita MONDAYS $5 pizza
H9wLBQWkR38eMAYS0QW6Fw	BOQOuwSNhfKx1xvKtONsBg	3	dnD3GlRgzljxM0Q-PyY-Vg	I like coming to this place but I forget... the food is good but the service is crappie. :-/ Tyler is awesome!	Food is good...service is crappie :-/
_pE9wtP4DhTxlPw_fbwrlQ	BOQOuwSNhfKx1xvKtONsBg	1	AUVXSYSEEvZURjPLHhBB3g	We are absolutely furious with the pizza makers. They burnt all 4 pizzas which is absolutely ridiculous. ONLY GO WHEN AUGUSTINE IS WORKING ALONE. The cooks other than Augustine have burnt every single pizza that I have seen come out of the oven. I saw the two cooks and they both were not paying attention and we're talking to each other while the pizza was cooking. Whether the oven is hot or not, they both burned all of the pizzas that came out of the oven. I would rather pay double for Augustine to make and cook the pizza because he doesn't burn it first of all and the flavor is more deep and the mozzarella is perfectly melted. I feel like I wasted my money and time today because I cannot even eat the crust or the bottom of the pizza because it was all completely soggy and burned. Like what I am left with to eat... The toppings?! I think Augustine should be the main chef at Settebello because he is consistently making perfect pizzas which is the only reason why we go there and gave 5 stars in the past. I will not be going there anymore except on Sunday's when Augustine works there and the two other cooks are not. My point is why should I pay $45 for a couple burned pizzas? Also, I usually don't like to write bad reviews, like last time I was there, there was strand of blonde hair and well what do you know... the pizza was burnt. And of course Augustine was not the cook. If you like burned pizzas this is the place for you.	Come here on Sunday! Then you can have really good pizza!! Because he makes and bakes the pizza!! Go Augustine!!!
_pE9wtP4DhTxlPw_fbwrlQ	BOQOuwSNhfKx1xvKtONsBg	1	AUVXSYSEEvZURjPLHhBB3g	We are absolutely furious with the pizza makers. They burnt all 4 pizzas which is absolutely ridiculous. ONLY GO WHEN AUGUSTINE IS WORKING ALONE. The cooks other than Augustine have burnt every single pizza that I have seen come out of the oven. I saw the two cooks and they both were not paying attention and we're talking to each other while the pizza was cooking. Whether the oven is hot or not, they both burned all of the pizzas that came out of the oven. I would rather pay double for Augustine to make and cook the pizza because he doesn't burn it first of all and the flavor is more deep and the mozzarella is perfectly melted. I feel like I wasted my money and time today because I cannot even eat the crust or the bottom of the pizza because it was all completely soggy and burned. Like what I am left with to eat... The toppings?! I think Augustine should be the main chef at Settebello because he is consistently making perfect pizzas which is the only reason why we go there and gave 5 stars in the past. I will not be going there anymore except on Sunday's when Augustine works there and the two other cooks are not. My point is why should I pay $45 for a couple burned pizzas? Also, I usually don't like to write bad reviews, like last time I was there, there was strand of blonde hair and well what do you know... the pizza was burnt. And of course Augustine was not the cook. If you like burned pizzas this is the place for you.	You do need to request "Pizza made by AUGUSTINE". It is BIG difference!!! Augustine has to make it and bake it.
N1rH3rEU7p4UGAe1R96EUg	Lg4-oru6gHz1sGGKjD3qXQ	5	khkZpP2BxWjWdBu1LWNxPA	Always great service, salon is very clean, and friendly staff! I come here regularly for shellac manicures, pedicures, and eyelash extensions. The eyelash extension refills are only $35! You can't beat that! My nails and eyelashes are.always looking great because of this place.	Clean, reasonably priced, excellent mani and pedi
8Poov0HGtJyBNMzCogJVmQ	Lg4-oru6gHz1sGGKjD3qXQ	5	7KIULt5FqJSluIzR0gbo_g	I drive from west Mesa for the awesome massage with the pedicure. I've gone all over Mesa, Ahwatukee, Scottsdale. They take their time and don't ignore the toes with the massage! I'm an RN, I'm on my feet most of my shift 3 to 4 days a week. They are ready when I have an appointment, I don't have to wait because a walkin arrived right before me - respecting my time!	Best foot massage EVER. Gentle and relaxing pedi! I'll be back.
PE8qC1LXr1w9QeiHHgOdTw	Lg4-oru6gHz1sGGKjD3qXQ	5	g9OteQx3zIXxdwfBcHsOqw	This is the only nail place I go to and they are great! I moved up to North Mesa and I still drive down here. The price is fairly inexpensive compared to other places, they take their time, are friendly, and it is clean (they use plastic bags when getting a pedicure). Definitely recommend it!	This is the only nail place I go! Great prices and great service.
MNMUM9kFLNwHhY5ER0oD5Q	Lg4-oru6gHz1sGGKjD3qXQ	5	xPAJa45AmPCgUGVTTUinTQ	Clean, friendly and beautiful job on my toes!! I was accommodated even though I walked in right before closing! I was greeted with a bottle of cold water! Nice touch, especially in the hot summer! Their standard pedi also comes with a hot stone massage! Yay!	They have photo albums full of their nail art!
KnPsA_5Jj4DFmdOhFYdXhg	XpnkPS-56dYTdjwC8RRLuw	4	eMzsM39W1tFgY8iu5iEa7A	We enjoy the healthy food, with tasty options. We also appreciate the WiFi access with electricity. The facility was clean and the staff was very pleasant to work with.	This location is now a Paradise. cafe
vO1a12SLh9EgKLnEw9vkcg	-pV9kWNoA9vyHfM_auYecA	3	FHBlgM9qRCG_cqj2rn-Z_g	i've been here a few times now. the beer list is pretty solid, but the bloody marys are just ok. the turkey sandwich is awesome (with gouda and apple-pear slaw, yum!), and they definitely get points for having poutine on the menu. i would come more often if it wasn't always packed to the gills.	one of the few places open today, and it's not busy. celebratory beers + poutine. :)
RTWsMisf73pGnbagf1vmvg	-pV9kWNoA9vyHfM_auYecA	4	9gmL-Flt0ws8PTqgs28K4A	This is a review of the vegetarian offerings a Cooper's. I stopped in for a late morning brunch today and was surprised to find Cooper's was relatively empty. There was a soccer game on TV and a dozen fans sprinkled around the bar, but there were open tables galore. SCORE! Vegetarian options here are pretty plentiful. Several vegan dishes are possible with a helpful waiter and some small tweaks. For veg heads: Breakfast-y: -breakfast sandwich (eggs, cheddar, spinach on english muffin) -vegetarian scrambler (changes daily, today it was eggs and a combination of veggies and feta) -oatmeal brulee (oats and apples with custard under a sweet crust) -banana french toast (banana bread in a brown sugar custard served with maple syrup and fruit) -granola Lunch-y: -hummus appetizer (beetroot hummus topped with olives, feta, chive oil, and crispy chickpeas served with lavash crackers) -sweet potato chili (roasted sweet potatoes and black beans with chipotle, topped with dubliner cheddar, sour cream, and scallions. Comes with cornbread) -several salads -veggie sandwich (roasted zucchini, red peppers, carrots and portobello mushrooms on wheatberry bread with hummus, feta, and oven-dried tomatoes) -grilled cheese Today I got the sweet potato chili sans dairy toppings to make it vegan and it was really delicious. Spicy and super flavorful! I'll be back just to have a heaping bowl of the stuff. In the past I've gotten the veggie sandwich (very solid), and the hummus appetizer (great for sharing and lots of tasty items to nosh in the arrangement). Overall I give Cooper's 4 out of 5 for veggie options at an omnivorous hangout. There are some solid ones, including a couple creative items like the oatmeal brulee. It would be fantastic to see a meat-free burger of some sort, but in the mean time Cooper's is doing a pretty good job.	If I could swim in a river of Bedlam I would
DvOwFCDt8w5as1tea4aYdQ	-pV9kWNoA9vyHfM_auYecA	4	_7dGSU-MJmLKgfMqgxdB6Q	Great food for lunch. Lots of options. Service is sometimes a little cold... Bordering on rude.	Great place for lunch. Lots of options. Service is sometimes a little cold.
G5BqF32PyIQ5IvplDvpKnA	-pV9kWNoA9vyHfM_auYecA	5	F52LPvFCObx9ZGjwW5TBVQ	What an unbelievably amazing place to go. This is by-far my favorite place to go on a slower night rather than the party scene. Go in there have a few delicious exotic beers and talk to some down-right friendly people. The owner Pete is awesome as well. All the waiters, waitresses, bar tenders, and of course Pete make you feel like family who just got home. It's an absolutely wonderful place to go. BE SURE TO TRY A DARK AND STORMY DOWN THERE!	Great warm place to hang out on a wintery night and have a christmas ale
SgGK-Vmd3_I-o0qeZOXP_A	-pV9kWNoA9vyHfM_auYecA	5	L22C7ifmPUZTvEr8cPKIkQ	Awesome food and atmosphere. The owner Peter is a gracious host. The menu is interesting and the service is outstanding. The food was perfectly prepared and delicious.	Awesome food and atmosphere. The owner Peter is a gracious host.
Q7xxvMVhns_CZ7G0b4Cxrg	BOQOuwSNhfKx1xvKtONsBg	4	iVgxnlz7cuSp1BjHoNoJew	The Neapolitan pizza is different than what I am used to. It is a good crust, but I still like a thin crisp crust. Their menu for the pizza and the salads has unusual combinations. The staff is very nice and helpful. I like the interior and the atmosphere. It is that combo of modern and friendly that works. Yes, I will be back!	Great service, cool atmosphere & wonderful food.
Q7xxvMVhns_CZ7G0b4Cxrg	BOQOuwSNhfKx1xvKtONsBg	4	iVgxnlz7cuSp1BjHoNoJew	The Neapolitan pizza is different than what I am used to. It is a good crust, but I still like a thin crisp crust. Their menu for the pizza and the salads has unusual combinations. The staff is very nice and helpful. I like the interior and the atmosphere. It is that combo of modern and friendly that works. Yes, I will be back!	What fun! My salad & pizza were great. I have never had a soft thin crust pizza before. Will be back!
R0BjlBepVK_h99QMb7L3RA	BOQOuwSNhfKx1xvKtONsBg	4	XdtGbatOknWHcW6uPU9shA	One of the best place in Vegas to have a proper Napolitan Pizza! Also prosciutto with mini focaccia is delicious! Must try!	One of the best place in Vegas to have a proper Napolitan Pizza!
2Xv3RPbhSpiI-LTQ8lmZfw	BOQOuwSNhfKx1xvKtONsBg	4	7-D4K1G65XccsJdf3hfchw	Yum! We tried This place out because of all the other good restaurants around it. It lives up to the standard set by the other nearby places. The service was great, attentive, helpful, and quick. The specialty drink menu also has a delicious Moscow mule on it. Now, let's talk about the pizza. It's very good. I love the brick oven style and this is one of the better versions of it I've had. We had the Margarita pizza and it was great. The crust is chewy and the toppings were really fresh. Can't wait to try something else off the menu next time.	The crust. I could eat it all day.
7P6t9qnhKLOa8SqGb85B7w	BOQOuwSNhfKx1xvKtONsBg	3	LybmhMViAavDKCe6ZCVtyQ	I am the type of individual who loves pictures to be able to see what the food looks like but unless you look on yelp that's gonna be your best resource. The descriptions of all the pizzas sounded good so it was a little difficult to choose. However we asked the waitress what was the popular and she mentioned the Diavola and Settebello. The boyfriend and I shared the Diavola, and we ordered it extra crispy and asked for it to be a white pizza instead of red. My recommendation is if you're hungry ... don't share. One pizza is not enough for two (order your own ... plus you can try more options when you order two!) Diavlo has a spicy kick to it which I loved, I wish it was a little spicier. Extra crispy is the way to go. If you get it original the crust is crispy but when you get towards the middle you will have to use a knife and fork to eat it, or fold it in half and bite into it because it's soft in the middle. Our friends got both the Settebello, one got the original and the other got it as a white pizza. I definitely liked it as a white pizza. However I am a fan of white pizzas so it might be a little biased. With that being said, the waitress said any pizza can be a white pizza and you can add or take off anything to your liking. Saving the best for last ... the Bella Melo pizza for dessert was delicious. Super sweet with caramel and apples. Overall this place was a nice place for a group of friends to get together to share pizza and have good conversations.	Bella Mela for dessert is AMAZING !!
7P6t9qnhKLOa8SqGb85B7w	BOQOuwSNhfKx1xvKtONsBg	3	LybmhMViAavDKCe6ZCVtyQ	I am the type of individual who loves pictures to be able to see what the food looks like but unless you look on yelp that's gonna be your best resource. The descriptions of all the pizzas sounded good so it was a little difficult to choose. However we asked the waitress what was the popular and she mentioned the Diavola and Settebello. The boyfriend and I shared the Diavola, and we ordered it extra crispy and asked for it to be a white pizza instead of red. My recommendation is if you're hungry ... don't share. One pizza is not enough for two (order your own ... plus you can try more options when you order two!) Diavlo has a spicy kick to it which I loved, I wish it was a little spicier. Extra crispy is the way to go. If you get it original the crust is crispy but when you get towards the middle you will have to use a knife and fork to eat it, or fold it in half and bite into it because it's soft in the middle. Our friends got both the Settebello, one got the original and the other got it as a white pizza. I definitely liked it as a white pizza. However I am a fan of white pizzas so it might be a little biased. With that being said, the waitress said any pizza can be a white pizza and you can add or take off anything to your liking. Saving the best for last ... the Bella Melo pizza for dessert was delicious. Super sweet with caramel and apples. Overall this place was a nice place for a group of friends to get together to share pizza and have good conversations.	one of the rare places you can get a Moscow Mule !!!
Dg_Yby8z47SjYuNyitPFMA	A6lKCuTrDSJ_eFKyumZCJQ	5	xd5MLEc0M9URnLXLrnowYw	Love the fried rice and the braised beef! Very fast service. The lettuce wraps are amazing! Definitely will be back to try other dishes!	Love the fried rice and the braised beef! Very fast service.
5xAZWS7plUE1v-8x2A_M-A	A6lKCuTrDSJ_eFKyumZCJQ	5	O3PpaWf_ibJkiAqw5N8xDg	The food is delicious !! The Staff is very friendly !! I'm eating here all the time. The pot stickers are hand made the curry crab puffs have so much flavor! The Singapore noodles are my favorite!!	The food is delicious !! The Staff is very friendly !! I'm eating here all the time
DI1wpZbtWlu9Y9jRewYK5g	A6lKCuTrDSJ_eFKyumZCJQ	5	5NEWGbxeoObrn6nWvc6adQ	Pretty good! Had the duck and rice. Best duck I've had in Vegas so far. Also had the duck bao buns DELISH! Love to see Chinese people cooking Chinese food lol	Pretty good! Love to see Chinese people cooking Chinese food lol
_2Sa7pq5z2XOUhS9DOCGHw	A6lKCuTrDSJ_eFKyumZCJQ	5	JNwnMbz9-JiVjQz-GxIIpw	Excellent food and great service. Place was nice and clean. The older gentleman at the register was super nice and had great recommendations. Pork belly buns - great! Seasoned perfectly not bland and the pork belly was nice and tender. Moist not dry. Duck Noodle Soup - very good! The duck was delicious and super plumped. They give you a good portion of duck with your noodles too. The noodles is not the typical thin egg noodle but the thicker egg noodles more like chow mein but still very good. Broth was seasoned nicely tho I'm a saltier eater so I did add a little more soy sauce and hot chili oil Wonton - Ok. Meat was a little bland. Not the typical small wontons I like that usually goes with wonton noodle soup General Tso's Chicken - Amazing!! Absolutely loved the light crispy batter on the chicken. The sauce was good too not the typical general tsos sauce tho I think bc it had more of the soy sauce touch to it	General Tao's Chicken tastes BEST when eaten freshly made ..ordered it to go and it's not as crispy as before
_2Sa7pq5z2XOUhS9DOCGHw	A6lKCuTrDSJ_eFKyumZCJQ	5	JNwnMbz9-JiVjQz-GxIIpw	Excellent food and great service. Place was nice and clean. The older gentleman at the register was super nice and had great recommendations. Pork belly buns - great! Seasoned perfectly not bland and the pork belly was nice and tender. Moist not dry. Duck Noodle Soup - very good! The duck was delicious and super plumped. They give you a good portion of duck with your noodles too. The noodles is not the typical thin egg noodle but the thicker egg noodles more like chow mein but still very good. Broth was seasoned nicely tho I'm a saltier eater so I did add a little more soy sauce and hot chili oil Wonton - Ok. Meat was a little bland. Not the typical small wontons I like that usually goes with wonton noodle soup General Tso's Chicken - Amazing!! Absolutely loved the light crispy batter on the chicken. The sauce was good too not the typical general tsos sauce tho I think bc it had more of the soy sauce touch to it	Now open everyday from 11am-12am midnight
_2Sa7pq5z2XOUhS9DOCGHw	A6lKCuTrDSJ_eFKyumZCJQ	5	JNwnMbz9-JiVjQz-GxIIpw	Excellent food and great service. Place was nice and clean. The older gentleman at the register was super nice and had great recommendations. Pork belly buns - great! Seasoned perfectly not bland and the pork belly was nice and tender. Moist not dry. Duck Noodle Soup - very good! The duck was delicious and super plumped. They give you a good portion of duck with your noodles too. The noodles is not the typical thin egg noodle but the thicker egg noodles more like chow mein but still very good. Broth was seasoned nicely tho I'm a saltier eater so I did add a little more soy sauce and hot chili oil Wonton - Ok. Meat was a little bland. Not the typical small wontons I like that usually goes with wonton noodle soup General Tso's Chicken - Amazing!! Absolutely loved the light crispy batter on the chicken. The sauce was good too not the typical general tsos sauce tho I think bc it had more of the soy sauce touch to it	Probably one of the best General Tso's Chicken in Vegas so far. The batter is so nice and crispy but in that nice airy way not hard and dry
kfn0c2EMxuvGXzAIDfmMZg	A6lKCuTrDSJ_eFKyumZCJQ	5	KOj60psqazhNDJdUyPa58g	Wok style cooking ! Fast, hot, delicious ! Many food selections ! Been there so many times !	Wok style cooking ! Fast, hot, delicious ! Been there so many times !
QKid0Epi4Lw_cDMMq0kDkw	A6lKCuTrDSJ_eFKyumZCJQ	5	4jqj5xCWDvtLCQZ_SatI3A	I came here with my whole family and my boyfriend's family. The biggest table we can get was for 8 people, so we had to sit separately, no big deal though. You order from the counter and they bring the food to your table when it's ready; it was pretty quick! This small restaurant has a nice ambience with a contemporary design. The prices are very reasonable with the big servings and deliciousness of the food! Craving for noodles but just can't decide what you want? This restaurant is perfect for you! They have a huge variety of noodles, from pho to pad thai to ramen!	From pho to ramen to udon to chow mein to pad thai! The variety of food is amazing! :)
uf1UdKswKWOqFLUvRvvbzA	-pV9kWNoA9vyHfM_auYecA	4	dBCD4wTXvJGVylq33ToCZw	Still good pub food. I recently tried the fish fry.. mmm mmm mmm. I LIKE IT~! nice fresh fish, but really the batter was kinda thick and flimsy.. at least the flavor was there. The stuffed grilled cheese was really good too. AND POUTINE! I don't understand why it is so rare in Madison to get Poutine. The gravy sauce and melted cheese on fries? mmm mmm so goooooddd! It's still crowded and packed, but the wait has improved for food to be served after ordering! Good job, Cooper's crew!	Love the mussels du jour. Different flavors everyday! And its so big that i can have it for two meals
uf1UdKswKWOqFLUvRvvbzA	-pV9kWNoA9vyHfM_auYecA	4	dBCD4wTXvJGVylq33ToCZw	Still good pub food. I recently tried the fish fry.. mmm mmm mmm. I LIKE IT~! nice fresh fish, but really the batter was kinda thick and flimsy.. at least the flavor was there. The stuffed grilled cheese was really good too. AND POUTINE! I don't understand why it is so rare in Madison to get Poutine. The gravy sauce and melted cheese on fries? mmm mmm so goooooddd! It's still crowded and packed, but the wait has improved for food to be served after ordering! Good job, Cooper's crew!	Love the selection of beers! Surprisingly, Sunday for dinner is pretty laid back, less crowded than usual
xHzZOs8vw7XczppeVWVigQ	-pV9kWNoA9vyHfM_auYecA	3	mm1vIWs1pR7uWbA8MHAMoA	The host and waitstaff here were incredibly friendly and competent. The decor of the place is super cool. The beer list is amazing. I don't even like beer, but the waitress suggested Hennepin, which she described as "Spotted Cow on steroids" (I like spotted cow) and it was fantastic. We started with the poutine. It was sort of a mess. It was fries with gravy and melted cheese curds on top. We didn't get silverware right away, so it was a mess to eat. I got the burger and husband got the reuben. We ate the burger there, were full, and took the reuben home. Burger was cooked PERFECTLY. It was actually medium as ordered. Pork belly and cheese on top. It was awesome. Reuben was ok, didn't like the kraut soaked in beer. Couldn't really taste the swiss or the sauce. Overally, the food and service were pretty good. The main reason for three stars is the food was salty. And I am a girl that likes salt, so if I'm saying it's too salty, that means something. We would go back though.	I know this is a beer place, but the Long Island iced teas were great!
GoI2w9Bkc4Rdct9hM5O6rg	-pV9kWNoA9vyHfM_auYecA	1	F0YJbwg7VXYU9rn9OhkcMw	We ordered the poutine. No gravy and was flavorless! Beer pretzels were gross!!! Ran out of Caesar dressing so couldn't get a salad. Bottom line, don't come here for the food. Just the beer and cute wait staff.	Do not get the food! It sucks! Beer only!!
ZQrn7sxUB96MONABlzdExg	BOQOuwSNhfKx1xvKtONsBg	5	gxHOMkCbltrFozitsJR0QA	This is the best place in Vegas to get real Italian pizza. Service is always great and the food never fails. Love it love it love it!	As usual this place is awesome. We love it here. Our home away from home. Maurizio and Bethany are the best of the best. The service is impeccable and the food is as authentic as it gets.
ZQrn7sxUB96MONABlzdExg	BOQOuwSNhfKx1xvKtONsBg	5	gxHOMkCbltrFozitsJR0QA	This is the best place in Vegas to get real Italian pizza. Service is always great and the food never fails. Love it love it love it!	I can't never get enough of this place! People are always so friendly and they remember us all the time. Nothing better in Las Vegas
ZQrn7sxUB96MONABlzdExg	BOQOuwSNhfKx1xvKtONsBg	5	gxHOMkCbltrFozitsJR0QA	This is the best place in Vegas to get real Italian pizza. Service is always great and the food never fails. Love it love it love it!	Love it here! Quattro formaggi is the best
ZQrn7sxUB96MONABlzdExg	BOQOuwSNhfKx1xvKtONsBg	5	gxHOMkCbltrFozitsJR0QA	This is the best place in Vegas to get real Italian pizza. Service is always great and the food never fails. Love it love it love it!	My favorite place on earth! Pizza, appetizers and dessert are all fantastic. Love the new burrata plate
ZQrn7sxUB96MONABlzdExg	BOQOuwSNhfKx1xvKtONsBg	5	gxHOMkCbltrFozitsJR0QA	This is the best place in Vegas to get real Italian pizza. Service is always great and the food never fails. Love it love it love it!	Pizza night with the family
ZQrn7sxUB96MONABlzdExg	BOQOuwSNhfKx1xvKtONsBg	5	gxHOMkCbltrFozitsJR0QA	This is the best place in Vegas to get real Italian pizza. Service is always great and the food never fails. Love it love it love it!	Quattro formaggi with Speck!
ZQrn7sxUB96MONABlzdExg	BOQOuwSNhfKx1xvKtONsBg	5	gxHOMkCbltrFozitsJR0QA	This is the best place in Vegas to get real Italian pizza. Service is always great and the food never fails. Love it love it love it!	The new Burrata is very good, but also very heavy. You can go wrong with a Quattro Formaggi
ZQrn7sxUB96MONABlzdExg	BOQOuwSNhfKx1xvKtONsBg	5	gxHOMkCbltrFozitsJR0QA	This is the best place in Vegas to get real Italian pizza. Service is always great and the food never fails. Love it love it love it!	The place is not the same without Maurizio and Bethany on site. The pizza and service are better when the two are on shift. The Duke
mZRv579CnBtG--OheLP_bQ	BOQOuwSNhfKx1xvKtONsBg	5	m7dnPYWD-UQA1pR73Ye0yA	I love Settebello! Napoli style pizza rocks my socks off! Get the Diavola pizza if you like spicy! Mmmm	5-9pm $1 Margarita Pizza night to celebrate Our 1year Anniversary on Oct 16th.
mZRv579CnBtG--OheLP_bQ	BOQOuwSNhfKx1xvKtONsBg	5	m7dnPYWD-UQA1pR73Ye0yA	I love Settebello! Napoli style pizza rocks my socks off! Get the Diavola pizza if you like spicy! Mmmm	Can you say REVERSE happy hour? It's mon-fri 8:30pm to close 10:00 pm. $3 off all bar items ( mixed cocktails, glasses of wine,& draft beers or $5 selected HH cocktails ) $5 mini pizzas, arancini & variety of crostinis. There's cannoli and crostada ricotta Nutella $4 for dessert as well!
mZRv579CnBtG--OheLP_bQ	BOQOuwSNhfKx1xvKtONsBg	5	m7dnPYWD-UQA1pR73Ye0yA	I love Settebello! Napoli style pizza rocks my socks off! Get the Diavola pizza if you like spicy! Mmmm	I could kill someone right now for some focaccia and freshly sliced prosciutto @ Settebello.Just need to fly back to Vegas!!!!
mZRv579CnBtG--OheLP_bQ	BOQOuwSNhfKx1xvKtONsBg	5	m7dnPYWD-UQA1pR73Ye0yA	I love Settebello! Napoli style pizza rocks my socks off! Get the Diavola pizza if you like spicy! Mmmm	Oct 16, 2014 We're celebrating our 1 year anniversary! $1 Margaritas!!! Nothing says Italian ....like Margaritas! 4:30pn on...
Tmzj-w1b0lu0BlxULNs6QQ	BOQOuwSNhfKx1xvKtONsBg	5	IfqmDRxj8x1VNFhUdASNQg	This is my favorite spot in vegas.... Period! Consistently tasty & fresh good ingredients! You can taste the quality. The pizzas are mouth watering and will fulfill any choosy sauce opinionated type, it's more of a "Fresca" Napoli style pizzas. I love their warm beet salad with marcona almonds & goat cheese. (On the happy hour menu too) This place is Super great and highly underestimated! They have happy hour too that's definitely worth going those times.	I wanted to write a review about this place. The sauce is legit!
6Job1wQkUkBaZbg07fY3Tw	BOQOuwSNhfKx1xvKtONsBg	5	PymXFP9SfDsjo9ts3_ek8w	Beat pizza I've ever had in Vegas . Truly authentic Italian style , good as the pizza I have in Napoli when I visit my family every year. I truly impressed , the salads are awesome as well ,	Authentic Italian style pizza like, good as the pizza I eat in Napoli when I visit my in Napoli, bravo
5ZdYzCTnuzyYav0zTcKi1Q	BOQOuwSNhfKx1xvKtONsBg	3	ozsjEhpfQlr21bxOMcSDMw	Absolutely terrible service. They had 2 waiters for the entire restaurant and even had the buss boy serving. The food was good but the service definitely takes away from it....very understaffed.	Absolutely terrible service. They had 2 waiters for the entire restaurant and even had the buss boy serving. The food was good but the service definitely takes away from it....very understaffed.
nixQjPlfVhMEhrNkmp5FDw	BOQOuwSNhfKx1xvKtONsBg	1	XavJCSBOaGNFRbS2rUpNUg	I know I will probably get some heat from my fellow Yelpers for this review, but this was honestly one of the worst meals I have had and I literally had to pull in to the Taco Bell after I left this place to get something to eat because I was so hungry. I went here last night with high hopes. I was in a party of 4 total. We sat in the back room which was kind of like having our own private room, so that was a nice perk. In my party of 4 we did order drinks. The waitress was nice but had no idea about the scotches on the menu and had a really hard time taking this order. She had to go to the bar and bring out 3 or 4 bottles so she could remember what she was doing. We ended up ordering 2 double shots of 2 different kinds of Scotch, 3 beers and a glass of wine. For the appetizer we shared the Arancini. It only came with 2 so each person got like 2 bites. These were absolutely flavorless and the inside was pure mush. The only thing that was in tact was the frozen peas that were barely warm. I should mention that there was a hint of red pepper after taste. The waitress suggested that we order 2 salads, each couple could share. Great- the first couple ordered the Insalata Grande: Mixed Greens, Fresh Tomatoes, Artichoke Hearts, Roasted Mushrooms, Olives, Pine Nuts, Cracked Pepper, Shaved Parmigiano Reggiano, Balsamic Vinaigrette. The second couple ordered the Beet Salad, which had a ton of arugula. few beets, tablespoon of goat cheese and no dressing. he first couple seemed to like the salad just fine. Our salad was not good, it was like eating dried grass without dressing. Before we could even finish our salads, they brought out our pizzas. What??? You couldn't even wait until we finished. Your restaurant was totally dead on a Saturday night. It's not like you needed the table. Why the rush? Back to the pizzas. We each order our own because the waitress said they were very small and we could all eat a whole one. We ordered 2 Margherita DOC: Crushed Tomatoes, Fresh Buffalo Mozzarella, Basil, Parmigiano Reggiano, Extra Virgin Olive Oil, 1 Vico (No Crushed Tomatoes): Wood Oven Sausage, Sauteed Fennel, Red Onions, Mascarpone, Mozzarella, Basil, Extra Virgin Olive Oil and 1 with salami and cheese (they do not have pepperoni here and will give you salami if you order it). Everyone started to dig in on the pizzas and all looked at each other like what the hell is this? The first couple were so hungry that they went ahead and ate theirs. The BF hesitated to eat his and I could no way eat another bite. This was the worst COLD pizza I have ever had. We waited for the waitress that did not come back for a while. The BF was so hungry he decided to go ahead and eat his but did not like it at all. When the waitress finally showed back up I told her this was the most flavorless, disgusting cold pizza I have ever had. It also looked liked someone had poured a cup of water in the middle of it. The waitress informed me that Fresh Buffalo Mozzarella is a watery cheese. LOL!! Oh and let me also say that all of the pizzas were burned (like charred black on the bottom). Yes--I know these are cooked in a brick oven but burnt is burnt people. So as I am telling the waitress how much I hated this pizza, she is making up a to go box. I am trying to hand her my pizza to get rid of it and she asked me if I would like to take it home. WHAT?? Did you even listen to what I just said? WAKE UP!! No I don't want this nasty pizza now and I certainly am not going to want it at home. She took it away and when she walked in to the kitchen she must have said something because everyone that was standing back there all turned around at once staring at me. RUDE!! She came back a few minutes later and said the manager was at the store but would take it off my check when he returned. I was surprised that the manager never came to my table to apologize or offer me something else. So our check came and it was $166. Wow--that is outrageous for the quality of food we were just served. I have no problem paying for meals that are good and worth it. This was just plain gross. If the other people in our group weren't starving, they would have also sent back their pizzas. Yes I am aware that this is a VPN certified restaurant. Just because you have the certificate does not mean you have good pizza. It is basically a marketing tool. For those that don't know the definition of VPN, it is as follows: "VPN" is a designation given to qualifying pizzerias by the Naples-based Associazione Verace Pizza Napoletana or its delegates To qualify you must: Make its pies with only certain types of ingredients Use only approved equipment Adhere to traditional pizza-making methods There are parameters on: Oven temperature How long the pizza is allowed to cook What size and shape the final product should be Final note is that I have spent many many months in Italy (all over). I am well aware of how this food should taste.	Worst meal ever!! Can't believe all of these 4 and 5 star reviews. My first actual Yelp let down.
LzYct8VXQ62hCi04knLrbA	BOQOuwSNhfKx1xvKtONsBg	5	lkiMdZK_oJ_jTQLXfl_bmw	Just as good as the green valley location, but not as busy for some reason (at least the five times I've been, no wait, plenty of open tables). The location is more spacious and comfortable. The pizza is to die for. I believe it is the best pizza in Las Vegas hands down. If you haven't tried it, do yourself a big favor and give it a shot. You won't regret it.	Margarita DOC is my go to
iH-H8-uEA2IpqWVxZRdxjg	BOQOuwSNhfKx1xvKtONsBg	5	Nm95B0KLv7MiaxqEK3ZkKw	I am from Italy for real. Pizza in Italy is considered an health food because the ingredients are few but fresh and the dough is thin but flavorful. I was never able to find a real Italian pizza in the US before until I tasted Settebello's pizza when I moved to Las Vegas. I say this after living in New York City which many claim has great pizza (I'm not one of them). If you're looking for American-style pizza with lots of toppings and fat, Settebello is not for you. If you're looking for an Italian pizza where ingredients are fresh, Settebello is for you. La migliore pizza a Vegas!	To everyone who complains about the pizza being soggy. That's what an Italian pizza is like. In fact, we eat it with fork and knife for that reason. Real mozzarella- particularly bufala - is very milky and moist. If your idea of pizza is a fat-fest of a billion toppings, then Settebello isn't for you.
mmUsLiQDb--7BBAxA6wKrA	BOQOuwSNhfKx1xvKtONsBg	4	2CJU24EFLU0bh1-vMIefJA	We actually came here for work with the intention of just unwinding with a few drinks at the bar. But after discovering that they had a second Happy Hour going on from 8PM-9PM Monday through Friday, we decided to take advantage. Lots of tasty pizzas for $5! This is a good way to try the variety of pizzas that they have and not feel like you wasted money if you happen to not like what you got. They might not have been the best pizza around, but for $5, they were just fine! The bartender (I forgot his name) was awesome. He was very engaging and our food came out right away. Actually, I can't believe those pizzas came out that quickly. I'm almost afraid to ask. Ignorance is bliss. There is plenty of seating everywhere. Lots of tables and space. Good service, late happy hour, and tasty, cheap food = 4 stars. I'll probably be back very soon.	There is a second happy hour session M-F 8:00pm to 9:00pm.
QnFAeM2aXq-fr67G8yBwew	-pV9kWNoA9vyHfM_auYecA	3	-zuk0yOG9kSWlOd-y9db2A	I usually love this restaurant. Tonight though, the kids' meals left much to be desired. The skewered chicken, while abundant, was very dry. My daughter tried to eat it. I guess I thought my Brussels sprouts salad would be a warm addition of pan seared sprouts. It was only okay. At least we started with my fav, the frites with the vinegar mayo. Love. Love. Love. I think the kids meals need work. My kids won't want it again. Service was excellent as always.	Best. Malt vinegar mayo. EVER.
VY3TKDafAQj1sL27xd8IEw	-pV9kWNoA9vyHfM_auYecA	3	2QTE90XykRr4DYNRKfJReQ	I was very excited to try coops, many of my work friends had tried it and had nothing but good things to say. With that in mind I went in with rather high expectations. I ordered the Salmon Lox brunch, which consists of chive eggs (A+), and salmon with some bread. The salmon is where my experience kinda fell through, I'm no fish conissour or expert but everywhere I've ordered salmon smoked or grilled it's been served warm, this salmon came to me cold as I'm sure was the chefs intention but nowhere or the menu nor did the waiter state it would be cold, this was a big letdown. The portion size was also small given little slivers of salmon but that wasn't a surprise consider it was only $10 The waiters were attentive and friendly. Despite this mediocre experience I'm optimistic that the place has more to offer and can redeem itself.	Would be a nice spot to watch a game on the square with their pretty impressive drink list
gOBemMfKRfpvJkz9OIw6aw	-pV9kWNoA9vyHfM_auYecA	4	8ZPbVgBOCRr2Ph6omIwJVA	Despite being known for it's pub status, I actually enjoy the food more than the brews at this locale. When it comes to brews, I'm partial to the Magner's Pear Cider, an Irish specialty, since it's hard to find and also quite delicious. I've been for dinner and brunch, and both have tasty food offerings. For dinner, I got the polenta and we sat outside. The entrees were all pretty stellar and the atmosphere was equally superb with the capitol lit up in the background. When we went for brunch, I got the sweet potato chili and the poutine benedict, both with their own quirks. First, the sweet potato chili was the perfect balance of sweet and spicy for a mid-morning fix. I secretly wished that I had just ordered a bowl of that for my meal, until the poutine came. The poutine benedict offered a unique, vegetarian spin on a dish that is normally drenched in gravy. Instead, this place throws two poached eggs on top and drizzles hollandaise over the fries. Genuis! The place is great for any occasion, but personally I'd recommend brunch for your first time.	The red pepper soup is killer!
FTDkdWwfgGRdts4ZuxnSxg	-pV9kWNoA9vyHfM_auYecA	4	j4Xi9LQbKfEwzsO76x3seA	We went on a Monday evening and enjoyed a good Irish dinner and excellent music provided by a traditional Irish band. It was interesting that the band was actually sitting at the back of the restaurant while performing...and, of course, drinks conveniently on the table in front of them. Some of the pubs in Ireland are laid back and casual just like this and it brought back great memories of our pub experience in Dublin.	Get the Potosi Wee Stein on tap.
UpQ_wCvnNtEj3M3TzFe3UA	-pV9kWNoA9vyHfM_auYecA	1	syO4LH7EdO7IOTk0dLZABg	This place is a heart attack in a box. Waygu everything..bacon..cheese..fried. How about a simpler chicken breast, a turkey sandwich or a non aggressively fat burger choice? Even the salads were loaded with cheese and/or lardons.	This place is a heart attack in a box. Waygu everything..bacon..cheese..fried.
U2sN2-HGvh27FyXKFlvkBg	vSnLt7ZJp-esmmzxLmiX3g	5	Ga_1mRGGbSJX1xCydHV8ag	I LOVE LOVE LOVE Mood Swings! I've been going here for years and I've never had a bad experience. And I can not say enough about my current "stylist" Abrelle (sp) ... she's F'n GREAT! And get this! You'll never believe it, but when I get my hair cut ... she puts 100% of her concentration into cutting my fucking hair! Novel I know! I mean, I never have understood why people think that their hairstylist should be interested in their mundane personal lives, and I absolutely hate small talk. Abrelle fuckin' rawks. She says "Hi, what are we doing today" and then cuts my hair and gives me the most wickedly great massages (scalp and hand, she used to start with a neck massage to but some how that's been lost, but you know what? That's not her job so, so be it.), but I'd pay the $40 just for the awesome scalp and hand massages she gives. Oh yeah ... she also cuts hair like a champ! Abrelle FTW!	Abriel should be a high priced masseuse
98S0b7UD-CGBGX0f4LPNvQ	vSnLt7ZJp-esmmzxLmiX3g	3	Wp_Ezfh6MiMx0juLdqZ0gQ	My normal hair dresser couldn't get me in for a while, so I tried some place different. My colorist did a great job and the cut was done well. My only complient is the bill. I can't believe how expensive they are for cut and color. My mouth almost dropped when they told me the total. Also it took them over 3 hours to highlight and cut my hair which seemed a little long. I would go back, but won't be a regular on the prices they charge for hair.	Highlights day. I'm so excited. Trying a new place
a32HF7Vrhcdv5aDRnRAUqg	vSnLt7ZJp-esmmzxLmiX3g	5	4ii1vcDk9LgHTsVALxCvXw	I've been here three times and EACH time I got exactly what I wanted! I had Becca and I HIGHLY recommend her. She is thorough and very much a perfectionist. And when it comes to getting your hair done you need someone to be that way! Bottom line she will make sure you get what you want or what you discussed before the process begins. She's made me come back to make my hair look perfect, because my hair didn't take the color fully (it happens, she did everything right, I watched). Highly recommend her and this salon.	Parking is a bit of a hassle..
anHzk1C0oQRtfuDj74p2RQ	vSnLt7ZJp-esmmzxLmiX3g	2	vJM5viEQ9PwelEYKGtG26A	Yelp has removed this review twice now, so here I go again. Here are the bullet points: I have had many appointments (I booked a year in advance for over 2 years) be wrong in their book. I stayed because my stylist was amazing, and I figured a solid cut is worth the bit of trouble. I had them basically harass me to stay as a client once my stylist left, to which I had to finally say I NEVER WANT TO NE CONTACTED AGAIN.. EVER My stylist rate skyrockets, but again I stayed due to the quality, but $50 for a mens cut before tip was a little extreme. Lastly, I was warned a day before my appointment my stylist was no longer there, only to find out she had been gone over a week and they were just trying to blindside me sonic come in and try out another gal.. I hope this scathing update will suffice for yelp HQ, as they didn't accept my watered down version of this. Also, I dare them to say this is not based on actual events as I have posted pictures at mood swings & check ins for the entire 4 years i frequented the establishment. Good day!	Ask for Christia! Your hair will thank you.
anHzk1C0oQRtfuDj74p2RQ	vSnLt7ZJp-esmmzxLmiX3g	2	vJM5viEQ9PwelEYKGtG26A	Yelp has removed this review twice now, so here I go again. Here are the bullet points: I have had many appointments (I booked a year in advance for over 2 years) be wrong in their book. I stayed because my stylist was amazing, and I figured a solid cut is worth the bit of trouble. I had them basically harass me to stay as a client once my stylist left, to which I had to finally say I NEVER WANT TO NE CONTACTED AGAIN.. EVER My stylist rate skyrockets, but again I stayed due to the quality, but $50 for a mens cut before tip was a little extreme. Lastly, I was warned a day before my appointment my stylist was no longer there, only to find out she had been gone over a week and they were just trying to blindside me sonic come in and try out another gal.. I hope this scathing update will suffice for yelp HQ, as they didn't accept my watered down version of this. Also, I dare them to say this is not based on actual events as I have posted pictures at mood swings & check ins for the entire 4 years i frequented the establishment. Good day!	Christia does the best hair ever!!!!
L-j3SovsugKNaey6ag3u2w	vSnLt7ZJp-esmmzxLmiX3g	5	AwO6DIrpTjS4xx2SKn_Z4A	I just had my hair cut by a girl named Ciara. She had been walking around Mill offering haircuts for $10 and I know that sounds crazy. I thought so, too. But after not doing anything to my hair in nearly 2 years, I decided to give it a go and if anything, have it fixed by a different salon after. When I went in, through the back I might add, I was greeted kindly though there was no desk. A stylist named Dusty guided me to the desk and I checked in and was immediately offered water or tea. Ciara came over to me once I sat down to wait and informed me she was ready even though I was 10 minutes early. As soon as I sat down in her chair, I was given a water and a calming shoulder and head massage. The haircut itself was very brief and I quickly learned why the haircut was so cheap: Juut (formerly known as Moodswings) encourages all new employees with less than 5 years experience to practice their specialized haircuts in front of masters to show they can execute them properly if given the chance. This information made me more nervous but Ciara stood up to the challenge! Both Dusty and all the other masters in her area applauded her work and even I recognized how lovely my layers looked! I would highly highly recommend a haircut from Ciara! She's so kind and a really great stylist. I'll be back in a few weeks for a color correction on my ombré for sure!	Quick process and right near my work!
iwMmsSsm6WvmXW5oP2Pe4A	vSnLt7ZJp-esmmzxLmiX3g	4	yhN6yd5Z5wid_QuSP9TeGg	I've been going to Mood Swings for over a year now and have been seeing Brett. I have nothing but great things to say about him. He always listens to what I want and explains everything he's doing to my hair. After moving to AZ in '09, I tried a bunch of different salons and colorists & wasn't impressed with any. I came across Mood Swings and found Brett & have been coming back ever since. I always leave feeling great & so happy with my color. I rarely leave reviews on sites like these but had to make an exception :) If you go to Mood Swings, see Brett---he's the best!!!	See Brett, you will love him!!
wCXQVlJTKzrM_2o7jbJ3gQ	vSnLt7ZJp-esmmzxLmiX3g	5	IFwpBJBQDvzaXd4PcKrYJw	Christia S. is such an incredibly talented stylist, I'm mildly convinced she has super powers. I had been box coloring my hair RED for five years and had an inch of brown regrowth when I had my consultation with her and told her I wanted to be blonde and showed her a sample picture. She took on the very tough task without hesitation and gave me EXACTLY what I asked for, in ONE SESSION while keeping the strength, health and length of my hair. She even perfectly matched the picture! I honestly couldn't have asked for a better outcome. She blew my mind! On top of that, she's a lovely person who makes you feel comfortable and welcome. She takes her time to do it right the first time. I think it goes without saying that I highly recommend her. She certainly earned my business for life.	Even better than the first time!
TD8IbuXmKA3vjN6Cg2iX8g	vSnLt7ZJp-esmmzxLmiX3g	5	NcEZ2VQhIdsdSFerbbvSaQ	I have been coming here for 10+ years, to get my hair cut, highlighted & styled by Stephanie, Abby & now Lauren. I have yet to have a bad experience. They are an Aveda salon (which I love) located right off Mill Ave in Tempe. Their parking is horrendous but it's worth the trouble. Great atmosphere and very clean. All the staff are super nice. I only schedule with the Master stylist, the price for services depends on the level of the stylist. I love this salon!	Aveda Salon and Lauren is the bomb stylist!!!! Very happy with my hair cut and color
j58hmvZSFl77g5m1TXIj5w	zw4Legbcu018p5WcZ74iWA	4	NZTb92MjfGBo2f5BI-me4w	Yay ! I'm a fan, car j'adore cette petite friterie située sur le boulevard St-Laurent ! Le menu simple offre les grands classiques de la restauration rapide québécoise. Habituellement, je viens ici pour manger une patatine (poutine aux légumes grillés) que j'accompagne généralement d'un burger. Les prix sont très abordables et la bouffe est d'excellente qualité. Les burgers ont vraiment un goût unique et bien à eux. J'enlève une étoile, car l'étroitesse de l'endroit (qui fait pourtant son charme), est aussi son principal défaut. Ce resto est si petit qu'il y a rarement des places disponibles. Il m'arrive trop souvent de rebrousser chemin car le l'endroit affiche complet. Si je fais exception de ce problème récurent, je suggère Patati Patata à tout ceux qui aiment les petites friterie de quartier.	Je recommande la patatine. Poutine & légumes grillés. Un délice.
JI47z4Op2oUqR_FNqPRtUQ	zw4Legbcu018p5WcZ74iWA	5	mTUEphnAStg0B0l873-YkA	best Poutine. Nice staff at the Portuguese quartier of rue saint Laurent. Very good.	best Poutine. Nice staff at the Portuguese quartier of rue saint Laurent.
AZUassasrcQLb8yoKMi9lQ	zw4Legbcu018p5WcZ74iWA	3	TlA1658-koIIlyuzLzGNog	Had a Great time ! The place was small lots of ppl quick service Staff is friendly Nice spot to eat with friends and kill time	Food is ok tasty place is small but its not that bad
957D8rSKuaUJAF1zE3i3Ww	zw4Legbcu018p5WcZ74iWA	5	vWiDY7PK1FkOy5OqIcCpjg	Best Poutine we had on our trip!!! This is a must!!!! Cruchy fries, awesome gravy and the curds were to die for!	Best Poutine we had on our trip!!! This is a must!!!!
t10s-WYoWY4E8tO5f39FcQ	zw4Legbcu018p5WcZ74iWA	5	H9_d5t2wImrdWxrEO5he1A	My favourite poutine in Montreal! The place is very small is you will most likely have to wait a while to be seated but it will be worth the wait! Every time I come to town I have a beer and poutine. They serve it with an olive on top!	My favourites poutine in Montreal! A gem
FWZ5ZrjvUaP9YNBbl2GaXA	zw4Legbcu018p5WcZ74iWA	5	O3pbaKwnvSyOZYUFMIwi9A	I love coming to Patati Patata whenever I'm visiting Montreal! The place is very quaint and small, but when you are able to grab a seat by the window or the bar, enjoy the small details that the place offers. You can definitely find one of the best classic poutine here! The fries are freshly made (thinner than normal, which I prefer) and the portion of fries/gravy/cheese is simply perfect!! I'm drooling as I'm writing this...	Small place with limited seating, but well worth a trip for their classic poutine!
3FBa-vxu58gEEsmYNAutBQ	zw4Legbcu018p5WcZ74iWA	4	1fC9lnwaSHgRjnY_Ts3cbw	First poutine in Montreal. Wasn't too bad, the service was great though. We had just poutine, fries were good, lots of cheese, and good sauce. It just wasn't perfect.	First poutine in Montreal. Wasn't too bad, the service was great though.
o5yDcEolR08ZhdhXjN1GTA	zw4Legbcu018p5WcZ74iWA	5	hNi-UJxZ3wkZRMeibFTymw	Petite (c'est le cas de le dire) friterie très colorées mais avec des frites et burgers d'exceptions. Déjà en rentrant avec mon amie on a commencé a parler avec les 3 cuistots et on a bien rit pendant 5 min. On a ensuite passé la commande et payé. On était servi dans les 5 min. Leurs frites sont vraiment excellentes, les burgers (avec du pain frais) sont très bon et le thé glacé hyper rafraîchissant. Si vous vous promenez/magasinez sur St Laurent et que vous avez une petite fringale n'hésitez pas surtout que pour un bon repas vous vous en sortirez pour moins de 7$.	Leurs frites sont juste malade. Mmmh
pY7qHoDZvROeLRD2oQvpjA	Sx5kKC3NApQv6DYn2aH03A	1	QCaXEQ_V962SJ_m0pMO7Xw	We had our wedding here last fall in the Juno garden. We chose the Caesars package which included extras such as a limo ride, flower credit, food credit, bridal hair and makeup up, etc... I'd love to say we had a great experience but sadly we didn't. Our planner wasn't as dedicated as they made it sound like she'd be. And she lacked in communication with not only us, but other people responsible for aspects of our wedding. My bouquet while beautiful was outrageously overpriced as well as all the other arrangements. The photographer was amateurish and lacked imagination for poses. The videographer was also amateurish in that they used only one camera so you got only one point of view, the quality of which could easily have been surpassed by any one of my guests. The limo driver, which was supposed to have been cancelled by my planner due to an event that closed down the strip, was not notified his services had been cancelled and had a horrible attitude. Essentially all their contractors were unprofessional and excessively overpriced if you wanted something not included in your package. And if you do not want to use their contractors you have to pay a fee to use your own. Our wedding planner stated she could not help us plan the reception, which was fine as they were two separate events, but when asked for guidance as to who to contact to plan the reception we were essentially told to go to one of their restaurants. We told her we wanted a banquet style reception and were made to believe that the restaurants were our only choice. Come to find out they do have banquet style reception planners, but that was another horrible experience for similar reasons as in this review. The hotel staff while not directly attached to the wedding planning side of the hotel tried to make our stay special and did sweet things to make our stay romantic, but they entered our room multiple times without our permission which made me extremely uncomfortable. Housecleaning even entered our room and removed items after I and my guests had told them that we did not want housecleaning or for them to enter the room. Hotel staff even entered the room after we put the do not disturb sign on the door. They also disrupted us during our "alone" time ruining the moment. I booked our entire wedding ceremony and hotel stay with our "dedicated" wedding planner, who like I said was not very dedicated or communicative. We ended up being charged what they are saying is a resort fee of $84 without that resort fee being disclosed on any paperwork and that fee was charged after we had checked out and paid our entire bill leaving with a zero balance. We were also charged $200 after checking out with a zero balance, that $200 supposedly being an incidental fee which we had no incidentals. Lastly, at one point we had a pending $275 charge that luckily did not go through, that was also unaccounted for. We told our planner what our budget was and she did not respect it one bit. If anything she was trying to get every last cent she could from us as evidenced by the charges we were charged after everything was said and done. And yes, It was determined that those extra charges were because of the wedding planner. And yes, after making multiple grievances with the hotel and claims with my bank, we were reimbursed the money. Overall very bad experience that made a stressful day even worse and ruined our memories of our special day.	It is a beautiful hotel, but their wedding planning team was lacking. In order to get what you want and what is promised you have to micromanage every little detail and fight with them to stay on budget. You really need to be there in person for every planning detail, which is impossible as they are a destination wedding site. They really made a stressful event even more stressful with their severe lack of communication.
Nh3O6QzW2WbOgPo8NIFoYQ	vyaP9oqoKal0dqzYv-0ubg	5	IvMwpixNZ5buGTLmM4VLKA	I have been to Julie and Leah now and both did an amazing job on my hair! Love Salon Tru! Aveda products, stylists that make you look amazing, and friendly fun people surrounding you! What's best is that twice now I have called day of and they have accommodated me!	In love with my hair done by Joel! A beautiful dark chocolatey brown with a great cut! See him! Thank you Joel!!!
S_QBC7QYbuXCOKJXhdg1Ng	vyaP9oqoKal0dqzYv-0ubg	5	JgY7OJ4fREOHlPPdXfTBpg	I love salon tru! Great location, products and people. I love Kim Tvetden, she is amazingly talented. I always leave the salon absolutely loving my hair cut and color!	Cool little salon spot! Fun boutique pieces for purchase, aveda products and totally in love with stylist kim tvedten!!
PJr1JkkhngTMMMhjL0W5lQ	vyaP9oqoKal0dqzYv-0ubg	5	ZJMrBS7ponkz-FaC1vbYeQ	I've been coming to Salon Tru for a few years now. For being a top-rated salon, they are so down-to-earth. The reception staff is wonderful. Rachel is great! The salon has a wide variety of services but I go for color, cut and style. Joel is THE MAN! Seriously. If you want awesome color done well, go see Joel! The location is convenient in Old Town Scottsdale. The interior was recently redone in modern refreshing colors. I love Salon Tru!	The most laid-back and comfortable high-end, award-winning salon in the Valley. Joel M. is a must-see for color! Glorious!
oPeEekJqYgm4WM-Wl1W6vg	vyaP9oqoKal0dqzYv-0ubg	5	c794WB6aphU8PlngKhfQUA	I was blessed with great hair. We all get something. Some women have perfect skin (bitches) and some women can eat all they want and never gain a pound (don't even get me started). Me, I wasn't blessed with either but damn it, I have good hair. I didn't always know this however. I rocked a legit mullet from age 8 to 14. That might actually be a conservative estimate. I have blocked out most of those memories. Somewhere around 1988, I discovered that the spiral perm living in my long blonde hair might actually look better if I stopped cutting the top of my hair into a boy cut, with feathers. Don't get me wrong, feathered hair is amazing. My mullet, was not. So, cut to the late 90s (there were a few years of "transition") and I have officially embraced my naturally blonde, thick, and long hair and one might even say that I am able to style it like an actual chick. So, In an effort to actually do something with my blessed tresses, I tend to try a new stylist quite often and when I go to a new stylist, I expect him or her to jump up and down and stomp their feet when they see me. I have the holy grail of hair! Let's get inspired!! Yay! Right? Wrong. Instead, it is the same old uninspired cut and blow out that the chick sitting in the chair prior to me received. No one ever seems to want to do something fabulous. Then one day, I found Kim Tvedten (at her previous studio). We hit it off right away. Ok, so she didn't jump up and down or stomp her feet. I realize now that perhaps I have too high of expectations, But, what she did do amazed me. She asked a ton of questions and she listened to every response. She truly wanted to understand how I "see" my hair and how I want to see it. I absolutely loved my first cut and color. So much so, I went back a couple months later to get tuned up for my 20th high school reunion. That is a pretty big compliment. Ya know a girl needs to look good for the 20, or at least as good as their photoshopped Facebook pics! When Kim moved to Salon Tru, I moved right along with her. I also added a friend and my husband to her clientele. My hubby had the same stylist for years and I never thought he would leave. I honestly never thought he would care enough to leave. He's a dude. But, he simply says that Kim gives him the best cuts he has ever had...and I couldn't agree more!! Almost a year later and I am keeping up with regular visits better than I ever have in my life. Her cuts make my hair look better than it has in years. Because my hair is thick, I need a true artist to add layers with the shears and dimension with the color. Kim is a rock star at this! I honestly love my hair every single day. Even the days that I don't wash it. It just looks GOOD. And it is not because I was blessed with "good hair". I tend to hate my hair as much as any woman. We seem to just be cursed with hair dissatisfaction. OR so I thought! Perhaps we are all just waiting for that professional stylist who loves getting the absolute BEST from whatever it is we are blessed with. Go see Kim T. at Salon Tru. You will NOT be disappointed. OH and she gives a wonderful hand and arm massage while you are sipping on your wine!	Ask for Kim T. Fantastic stylist.
oPeEekJqYgm4WM-Wl1W6vg	vyaP9oqoKal0dqzYv-0ubg	5	c794WB6aphU8PlngKhfQUA	I was blessed with great hair. We all get something. Some women have perfect skin (bitches) and some women can eat all they want and never gain a pound (don't even get me started). Me, I wasn't blessed with either but damn it, I have good hair. I didn't always know this however. I rocked a legit mullet from age 8 to 14. That might actually be a conservative estimate. I have blocked out most of those memories. Somewhere around 1988, I discovered that the spiral perm living in my long blonde hair might actually look better if I stopped cutting the top of my hair into a boy cut, with feathers. Don't get me wrong, feathered hair is amazing. My mullet, was not. So, cut to the late 90s (there were a few years of "transition") and I have officially embraced my naturally blonde, thick, and long hair and one might even say that I am able to style it like an actual chick. So, In an effort to actually do something with my blessed tresses, I tend to try a new stylist quite often and when I go to a new stylist, I expect him or her to jump up and down and stomp their feet when they see me. I have the holy grail of hair! Let's get inspired!! Yay! Right? Wrong. Instead, it is the same old uninspired cut and blow out that the chick sitting in the chair prior to me received. No one ever seems to want to do something fabulous. Then one day, I found Kim Tvedten (at her previous studio). We hit it off right away. Ok, so she didn't jump up and down or stomp her feet. I realize now that perhaps I have too high of expectations, But, what she did do amazed me. She asked a ton of questions and she listened to every response. She truly wanted to understand how I "see" my hair and how I want to see it. I absolutely loved my first cut and color. So much so, I went back a couple months later to get tuned up for my 20th high school reunion. That is a pretty big compliment. Ya know a girl needs to look good for the 20, or at least as good as their photoshopped Facebook pics! When Kim moved to Salon Tru, I moved right along with her. I also added a friend and my husband to her clientele. My hubby had the same stylist for years and I never thought he would leave. I honestly never thought he would care enough to leave. He's a dude. But, he simply says that Kim gives him the best cuts he has ever had...and I couldn't agree more!! Almost a year later and I am keeping up with regular visits better than I ever have in my life. Her cuts make my hair look better than it has in years. Because my hair is thick, I need a true artist to add layers with the shears and dimension with the color. Kim is a rock star at this! I honestly love my hair every single day. Even the days that I don't wash it. It just looks GOOD. And it is not because I was blessed with "good hair". I tend to hate my hair as much as any woman. We seem to just be cursed with hair dissatisfaction. OR so I thought! Perhaps we are all just waiting for that professional stylist who loves getting the absolute BEST from whatever it is we are blessed with. Go see Kim T. at Salon Tru. You will NOT be disappointed. OH and she gives a wonderful hand and arm massage while you are sipping on your wine!	This is a great salon! All the stylists rock, but Kim T. is a true artist! I love my hair more and more each visit. Ask for Kim!
yl9OsZ6PA_lwGrse6aEtJA	vyaP9oqoKal0dqzYv-0ubg	5	z08qUmxNWbEBLsraWPr1DA	I followed a stylist to Salon Tru a couple of years ago. It's clean and easy to park and they remind me with a follow up phone call. The salon is fine but Colleen, the stylist is amazing. Not only does she truly listen and work with me to achieve the outcomes that I want but she's bent over backwards to accommodate my wacky schedule. Love it.	Great tray of holiday snacks in the waiting area
gvrBjt3VAX-RR7xQeYNwJg	xpW7Qp8JpYys0IGG0ENZaw	5	QCrNeBJQ2eTcm6pphrp9HA	Bar makes really good white russians, loose slots, friendly staff, great atmosphere. Love the players rewards. Plus I like that it is within walking distance to two other casinos.	Bar makes really good white russians, loose slots, friendly staff, great atmosphere.
rKkpHJkJ27xOwnhy_bMkvA	xpW7Qp8JpYys0IGG0ENZaw	4	Nv3rEAQ6H6JxKekgvEvp6g	Another hidden gem in Old Henderson! I've only been in here twice, but both times were great. The restaurant has awesome dinner specials, but is super small. I thought that there would be more tables - it's no wonder that there is always a wait. The food is really good - Friday and Saturday the special is steak and lobster, and the last time we were there we also had crab stuffed mushrooms. The service is friendly and fast, and the customers are usually local regulars who have been dining there for YEARS. The casino itself is also really small. I don't remember actually seeing a cocktail waitress, so it may be best to get your drinks at the bar.	They have Sculpin on tap! That is amazing for Water St!
6L_NEAwnSgF7vkqKgp3v2Q	xpW7Qp8JpYys0IGG0ENZaw	3	e8JlT-0zTj4dbzUpCIgtHQ	Nothing special but not too bad. If you want really see old Vegas without going to the ghetto part of Downtown, come here. The smell of smoke still fills this old casino, always scattered with AARP card-holders who are gambling to gain those points, and the size is fairly small. But the restaurant is what I'm reviewing. Nothing special, nothing dreadful. Food is decent but not something you crave. We go there because my cousin has $15/day to spend on food (it's how they get you in to gamble). $15 will buy 2 people breakfast no problem. Service isn't bad. They're helpful and very friendly. Just looking for some basic breakfast but not a fan of Denny's or iHop (which I absolutely hate) then check out this little gem in Old Henderson. Enjoy	Decent food. Nothing crazy but for locals it's not a bad breakfast spot
8PVrN-By9CwpO1HLoyOhYA	nuaNl9H7d3zvF6VVTe0rQA	4	8g8C4fMabUNAUIzmhwQOHg	This place is a small plaza filled with a lot of different stores and restaurants. I come here primarily for the FOOD but also for the salon and browsing Japanese magazines. Heisei mart sells a lot of Japanese brand and regular groceries although if you can get the same stuff elsewhere then do it because it's generally more expensive here. Nakamura bakery sell the best pastries that I have ever tasted (and baked fresh). I would recommend the cakes, pies, parfaits ($4) and any bun with their yummy cream. They are kind of pricy but they are also very rich in taste. The Boston cream for example is by far lighter, more subtle and creamier than any Tim Hortons doughnut and sells out pretty quickly. I also like their cheese bread and curry buns. Cafe Green Tea sells meals at moderate restaurant price. The father set ($9) which comes with a hamburger, 2 shrimp tempura, rice, potato salad, 2 slices of orange takes a while to arrive but the meat is very juicy (an I love the potatoes). The Japanese curry rice is a cheaper option ($5.98); arrives fast not to mention tastes very good. The meal comes in a nice big plate. You can also buy hot croquettes or drinks and fill a free cup of water. You can even order outside of the menu like a bowl of rice and katsu for about $5. If you're not happy with that selection, the Heisei mart sells bentos, snacks and onigiris; the butcher shop sells meat centered bentos and specialty croquettes/sides, and Tora Sushi sell fish specialty bentos, sushi, yakisoba, and croquettes; and there are other restaurants in the area as well (izakaya and ramen) although that may be pricier. The bookstore center is a great place to get import magazine related to fashion, Idols, cooking, hair and anime stuff although be aware that it's all in Japanese which is fine with me. Some of the magazines are really expensive though when you compare the original Japanese price (more than double). I go to Studio T occasionally to get $30 regular cuts (kind of pricey). I find that coming with a picture or selecting a style in a book can give you better results. There is good service: super nice hair wash, some tea during a long session, discussing the cut and also styling your hair with products to make you look good. There are of course some cons as well like price, short-lasting perms, colour accuracy.	The cream they make is top notch. I would recommend any bakery item with it including $4 trifle or $2 Boston cream
HFItzRohDHZvcKDrM6ABZg	nuaNl9H7d3zvF6VVTe0rQA	4	ezmpGde5Eb-JZ-wrnbjeDw	J-Town, its lucky that this place didn't exist while I was growing up or I think I would probably have become a criminal trying to steal money just to get my hands on the tasty snacks that are available. J-Town is a Japanese groceries store that carries mostly perishables. The layout is quite interesting as there are many vendors located within the store itself. My favourite section has to be the bakery with cream puffs, to tuna and cheese buns, to a Green Tea Red Bean Bun... Yummy! This isn't where you'd go to do your weekly groceries shop as selection and variety are definitely limited. It is, however, a place to get some hard-to-find Japanese goods. If you're in the area, stop by for a browse - but I wouldn't recommend coming all the way up here just to check it out. The one inconvenient thing is that all the labels are in Japanese, and if you have to rely on the poorly-translated stick-on labels... well... I'll let you take on that challenge!	Lots of inviting food items. From snacks to baked goods to prepared foods!
6VWcSinzrX70zwLf1vopHQ	nuaNl9H7d3zvF6VVTe0rQA	4	gLL5OQX-kS4ieMVQi9sxEQ	J-town is a hidden gem! I love this place to pieces, their prices are moderate, and best of all they carry Japanese snacks! All the green tea snacks!! Although they are pricey compare to those you would buy in Hong Kong due tot he duty and shipping. But its worth it if you love Japanese snacks! I always get the curry rice. Its soooooo good! Also they close Mondays! So make you don't wander in there to avoid disappointment.	Its a supermarket, food court and snack heaven!
1YB2uDFPnUQF7hWX3KXRVQ	cbgIpJwmPVI6Zf7nUIXdFw	4	eM0NCVirt_MeTBCapmuA_A	I went here because a friend recommended the place. Using 90210 iZigg services we got the free small cheese pizza offer. Since I was on that end of town I figured why not try it out! I'm all about free! SInce the place smelled amazing when we walked in I decided to be a good customer and also order the garlic knots. I had to laugh when the owner said he would be making them fresh, did we mind waiting 10 or 15 minutes? FRESH GARLIC KNOTS? OK, force me to wait! The cheese pizza of course was finished before the knots, so we decided to sit there and eat it. Upon discovering just how YUMMY the pizza was I promptly went back to the counter and ordered a large pepperoni to go! No way was I going to drive nearly 30 miles back home and NOT have any pizza with me! A gentleman came in while we were waiting for the large pie and he ordered a SLICE! I did not even notice that they sold pizza by the slice, but my daughter says that's because I am old and won't wear my glasses! ANYWAY! He stood there eating his slice and when the owner asked if he would like to sit he said NO, I don't live anywhere near here and just come to eat this one slice! It's that good! (His words.) Well, of course that made me happy! I was sure I would be glad I took that large pizza home with me! I must confess, even the next day, reheated pizza was delicious! The garlic knots could have used just a touch more gartlic for my taste and I didn't care for the marinara dipping sauce (too sweet) but the overall experience was worth it! Highly recommend this place to anyone on the south end of town. We did also enjoy watching the planes land since we are right across the street from McCarran's runway! I may not drive clear across the planet for this place, but anytime I am out south I will definitely stop in! Oh and I almost forgot the prices were quite reasonable. Like I said earlier I am all about FREE and getting the large pepperoni for only $8.95 was a bargain!	Use 90210 for coupons and deals!
VVoLXCnN3bNPLNNMledjAw	cbgIpJwmPVI6Zf7nUIXdFw	5	i4EobjecX519j6qHQb3Wcg	Absolutely wonderful Vegan items!!! The best Vegan Pizza, lots of flavor and the service was top of the line. I'll be back for more, I hope to try the stuffed Stomboli next visit.	Absolutely wonderful Vegan items!!!
zmC3gPQr0KPmsL3BinasJg	cbgIpJwmPVI6Zf7nUIXdFw	3	mHOyiN_UVd0Xs7XamgVNQA	Not bad. We went there while waiting to renew passport for our daughter. Food was pretty good, though not very fast (guess you can't be with fresh-made-from-scratch). Wings were tasty and the calamari was okay, but it was on greens which quickly got soggy and hence not very edible. (Don't recommend calamari to go...) Their specialty seems to be delivery, but they do have places to sit (almost as if an after thought..."Hm. Guess we should put up a some tables and chairs to sit on...") Guys were nice, but it seems that only one person takes orders and if he's on the phone, then you don't get helped. Kind of weird set up. Needs work on system for taking orders. They seem new at the restaurant business... Food quality was good, but the "delivery" wasn't great (see comment about calamari above). Haven't tried pastas and such, but probably a good place to get food for football watching parties. Not a lot of sitting room for parties there.	Everything fresh, made to order, so not fast...food.
f9fkXl3Cyyc1Mg18rumPBw	cbgIpJwmPVI6Zf7nUIXdFw	5	l6Akf0eIGJu4agfbp3_aTQ	I've dropped into The Pizza Company from time to time over the last year or two - always a wonderful experience. I met a friend of mine here for lunch today. I always enjoy my visits here, and marvel at the fact it isn't totally packed in here. The owner is always there, and is always friendly and attentive. They have a rockin' thin crust pizza here, that is among the best in Vegas, and their wings ARE THE BEST I've had in Vegas. This is a small place, only 6 or 7 tables, but the atmosphere is very comfortable. As a few of the tips say, you can subscribe to their text alerts and receive specials and promotions via text. That's what I took advantage of today - their Dinner for 2 (even though it was lunch): A large 2-topping pizza, 6 wings, and 6 garlic knots for $14.99 - this is a limited-time special, but they offer similar specials via text alert all the time. The only minus is that I wish they offered fountain drinks instead of (or along with) canned and bottled drinks. If this place was more convenient for me, I would be here all the time. At any rate, it is well worth a drive across town to enjoy their food!	I love this place - Their pizza rocks & I think they have the best wings in town! The owner is always friendly and attentive. If it wasn't so far out of the way for me, I would be here all the time!
w8AMEhMyrJohCsS1AO1SFw	cbgIpJwmPVI6Zf7nUIXdFw	5	VkSLV-4PSrAsAxWs-M2veg	Best vegan pizza in vegas! All handmade and the best customer service! Been here several times and it NEVER disappoints.	You have to try the vegan pizza The service is the best ever
_cj4j6-FUBda7AvWrclHTw	D7e_2VZ2vcVhrhhgaIUluA	3	zD7CNbDQQ67jWNOtoXLxJA	The food good was as usual , but the service was meh today! Please note: they recenlty hired a lot of new servers, and from my personal expericene, it seems like it has started to vary I was not greeted with a smile, and my server never did a table check on me( they all do at this place ) but did a table just across from me.. Why? I wonder....also they charge $2.50 bottomless but did not offer once to a refill? Server's name Vanlentina!!!!	It's better then most bf around but their home fries are not good to my taste
_cj4j6-FUBda7AvWrclHTw	D7e_2VZ2vcVhrhhgaIUluA	3	zD7CNbDQQ67jWNOtoXLxJA	The food good was as usual , but the service was meh today! Please note: they recenlty hired a lot of new servers, and from my personal expericene, it seems like it has started to vary I was not greeted with a smile, and my server never did a table check on me( they all do at this place ) but did a table just across from me.. Why? I wonder....also they charge $2.50 bottomless but did not offer once to a refill? Server's name Vanlentina!!!!	It's open on thanksgiving day oct- 13-2014
_cj4j6-FUBda7AvWrclHTw	D7e_2VZ2vcVhrhhgaIUluA	3	zD7CNbDQQ67jWNOtoXLxJA	The food good was as usual , but the service was meh today! Please note: they recenlty hired a lot of new servers, and from my personal expericene, it seems like it has started to vary I was not greeted with a smile, and my server never did a table check on me( they all do at this place ) but did a table just across from me.. Why? I wonder....also they charge $2.50 bottomless but did not offer once to a refill? Server's name Vanlentina!!!!	Monday -Friday breakfast special for $4.99
79yaBDbLASfIdB-C2c8DzA	D7e_2VZ2vcVhrhhgaIUluA	4	ot7eYGbshwDi9TVdPoIOwA	What a great place for breakfast, brunch or lunch! So many different choices of what to eat from the usual eggs, bacon, sausage combos to pancakes, waffles, wraps, etc. They also have a breakfast special where you can get 3 eggs, 2 slices of toast and choice of bacon, sausage or ham for $5.59 before 11 a.m. Other items on the menu are reasonably priced at around $10 or so. The place is nicely decorated and clean, just enough natural sunlight coming in, not too loud and great food. I'll definitely be back to try their pancakes or waffles next time!	$5.59 breakfast special before 11 a.m.! It features 3 eggs, 2 slices of toast and choice of bacon, sausage or ham
MIfI1msOQTMPhlbPjKGkqA	D7e_2VZ2vcVhrhhgaIUluA	4	H-VW4tRmqbv3aEE90yiZuA	The food and service is quick. Don't worry about the line up, it's fast and worth it. Here is pic of my Cowboy ( western). Sandwich. Good job Panagio's!	Don't be afraid to opt for the raised seating at the centre table. We have tried it and had good laughs with people next to us. We also found it fun for the kids and this adds to the relaxed, comfy atmosphere.
2LUUBv-ZpvAQGP_hKfbZBA	D7e_2VZ2vcVhrhhgaIUluA	5	nE7-K_VRhgOkyhxXSvZ7Ag	Very friendly staff which makes the place feel like such a cozy place to grab breakfast. I love their chocolate chip pancakes!	Try the chocolate chip pancakes!
Mtc1urWjARE8jtIDmYFfaQ	D7e_2VZ2vcVhrhhgaIUluA	3	04sP5Fzt_p00IVoiMvGNBQ	Your typical breakfast/lunch diner. It's a step up from Denny's, but nothing special. Unfortunately, there aren't many good breakfast places around this area.	Typical breakfast/lunch diner. A step up from Denny's, but nothing special.
bHvPkNnEIqXf4GofGz53HQ	D7e_2VZ2vcVhrhhgaIUluA	4	BFnPaCN7hvx653TLRzN3pA	This is my new breakfast spot! This place definitely pays attention to detail. The spinach & feta omelette stood out to me. Even though the portion wasn't as big as other breakfast spots, the taste and quality was A+. The side potatoes are seasoned too & taste amazing. Try the Banana Foster French toast too, one of the best French toasts I've had in a long time! Only thing keeping this place from getting 5 stars is because we were rushed, so we didn't get to fully enjoy the food. Other places usually let you stay until you finish your meal, a couple of minutes after closing, but our waitress definitely did not, and kept on reminding us how many minutes we had	Try the Very Berry smoothie
mSyMR4Rx40aJB9iqyFLeHA	BgwKts4y3DvZGCI0GogLpA	2	rTwNLjXBehTGC_JbdME5Iw	Horrible wings, no meat. Horrible pizza, overcooked and hardly any sauce. Wings are advertised as being super meaty. Not true.	Horrible wings, no meat. Horrible pizza, overcooked and hardly any sauce
EXKDLuYoZUKUNNNYA7TlGQ	BgwKts4y3DvZGCI0GogLpA	4	bmNHdm3iq5Ijkifi9fQfgw	I got a coupon in the mail for a free medium signature pizza. This is a crafty marketing strategy. I got hooked. The free deal required me to buy something at regular price so I got the garlic cheese bread. This was a good choice. I walked in and waited about 10 minutes for my order. The pizza has a hand tossed crust. The prep area is in full view of the front counter, so I watched the talented pizza chef toss my crust and top it. The pizza was hot and cooked to perfection. The toppings were abundant and evenly distributed. There is a generous amount of sauce. I like a saucy pizza. The sauce has a sweetness which works well with the seasonings. There is not too much cheese but just enough to get the melted strings when you bite into it. This pizza scores a 4 out of 5 for crust texture and sauce, cheese, and topping ratio. The cheese bread was good, but chewy. It had a nice flavor and came with marinara and ranch dipping sauces. It was a good deal along with the medium pizza. for $5.00. I also got a customer appreciation card to be punched every time I buy a pizza. The 10th one is free. So with this kind of deal and good quality, I will be making several return trips to Marco's.	Scored a free pizza with a coupon I got in the mail. Who called that junk mail?
yvMQhKw2_dq-bgf3lOCjEg	nv2z5SYQR0JlzflUrm00Mw	4	2Hr3w-FfZJqZhVHKUV83nA	Nice little find in Henderson. I checked out a tour and tasting with a few friends and I thoroughly enjoyed myself. The employee giving us the tour was very knowledgeable and had an answer for every question. He took us through the distillation process and let us taste the product in various stages of production. After the tour we were able to try any of the spirits, plus there was an awesome bartender making cocktails. He made some delicious drink with with cucumber and their gin which was so refreshing! All their products were pretty decent (apple pie and the gin were my favorites), but as a grad student I can't exactly afford a bottle. However, it is a craft distillery so I do understand the higher prices. This is the first and only distillery in Nevada and they're staying local by sourcing 80% of their ingredients from Nevada. So if you're all about buying local, check this place out!	Free tour and tasting for everyone during the month of February, otherwise usually free for locals year round.
6y3XgANQ4YGtR8Tv0pgl8Q	nv2z5SYQR0JlzflUrm00Mw	5	wM1-Dj5mYm4p3EO37Jdtbg	This place is a great local find! The owner is so passionate about his craft, you can feel it in the way he talks	This place is a great local find! The owner is so passionate about his craft, you can feel it in the way he talks
6y3XgANQ4YGtR8Tv0pgl8Q	nv2z5SYQR0JlzflUrm00Mw	5	wM1-Dj5mYm4p3EO37Jdtbg	This place is a great local find! The owner is so passionate about his craft, you can feel it in the way he talks	This place is so cool. George's story is amazing!
cW6k2bpe_hT8i1x7h6K7lA	nv2z5SYQR0JlzflUrm00Mw	5	dipPiu24Z8GVqRonpv5IdA	Sooo Cool!!! Found this place after they were sampling product line at my local Smith's. Then they came HIGHLY recommended while at Total Wine & More. We decided to drive on over, really close actually. Just walked in and one of the guys welcomed us right away and said he'd be starting a tour in a few minutes, WOW. It ended up being a few of us and he walked us around the warehouse. What a cool operation they've got going on here and what a story!!! We just restocked our liquor shelf and bought all "non mainstream" stuff. We have these guys' Vodka/Gin/Gma's apple pie. Very cool and the first "legal" distillery in Nevada. Keep up the good work! Ignore the 2 star review. Obviously that person doesn't appreciate the hard work that is going into this small business. Don't get me wrong, Hendricks Gin is amazeballs but the Gin from Las Vegas Distillery has it own special flavor just as does Hendricks... don't hate on a place just because your taste buds can't handle what real Vodka should taste like.	Growler program! Bring the bottle back and they'll give you $10 off!
LOWdFijGOIX_HnyXgGndPg	nv2z5SYQR0JlzflUrm00Mw	5	m16FcJObmLJ-6yhW2oC7yQ	George is really fun, and does a great tour and tasting. The spirits are amazing. We started at the Las Vegas Distillery as part of our exploration of the Booze District in Henderson. It is great to see and support a local business.	George is really fun, and does a great tour and tasting. The spirits are amazing.
Kp5KHBSmV-Htc9NeSjJfPA	nv2z5SYQR0JlzflUrm00Mw	4	D7Rt2qSBzPPttG4a7YLFqg	My first visit was for the re-opening after the Distillery closed for renovations. We got there just in time to join the first tour. The owner/distiller George is passionate about this place, and it's an informative tour. We enjoyed the samples, and all the liquor is for sale on-premise. They also sell shirts. This is a great place to bring visitors for a unique Vegas (actually Henderson) experience. They should name one of their liquors "Hendertucky" moonshine.	New Distillery bar The Hooch open Friday & Saturday nites 5-10!
-PuH6bcLh5Jy7OLj1zUhyw	nv2z5SYQR0JlzflUrm00Mw	5	_UXypmTgj33RfcBO2Cydnw	Bourbon day was awesome!!! Thanks Sid and George.... Cheers to many many more years and lots and lots of more barrels !!	Bourbon day was awesome!!! Thanks SId and George.... Cheers
7e9ReRfPBmfgchYNkbk93g	ZvPXOQrF1N-cUd4H_p9hqA	5	W1UeGF6d50O9GLxC-13ckg	I just took my parents to Brothers Restaurant for their birthday, and we had an excellent meal. The seafood pasta was incredible as always with shrimp, bay scallops and salmon. My wife had an amazing shrimp fetticine in a marinara sauce that was quite delicious. I had a New York steak that was cooked and seasoned to perfection. Our server was Alicia who was absolutely fantastic. She was extremely friendly and made sure that we had everything we needed. She even noticed that it was a special occasion and asked if we would like her to take some pictures ... without even asking her! Brothers js a great family restaurant!	Seafood linguine is an absolute must!
CaaGjAM1yL_t4yhNLD3f_g	ZvPXOQrF1N-cUd4H_p9hqA	5	VSasHq75dOYS6KFtItWJpA	We came here again last night for dinner and the food and service were excellent. True to my word, I ordering the Chicken Marsala once again, in fact, three of us at the table did. This time I selected the creamy risotto with sun dried tomato and artichoke. Fantastic! My husband ordered the 8oz Sirloin topped with a red wine peppercorn demi glaze, also accompanied by the risotto ($19.95). I have to say, this was one of the most flavourful steaks I've tried in a long time. It was cooked to perfection and the little piece he offered to share with me simply melted in my mouth. Delicious! As always, the wait staff are excellent here and believe me, they hustle! I honestly can't get over how busy this restaurant is (well, I can, considering how good the food it) but it's crazy! Make sure you book reservations well enough in advance if you're planning on going. Oh, and another thing I should mention which I didn't know before... you can order pizza for take-away. A little too far away from where I live to benefit me but for those in the area, I think this would be brilliant.	Be sure to make reservations!
dnVu-A8o7EG5345Kg-TMYQ	ZvPXOQrF1N-cUd4H_p9hqA	5	TnuAIkeLdIfeApmAj2MceQ	I would highly recommend this restaurant! I would also highly recommend making a reservation. We went on a Saturday night at 6:30 and the place was packed. Great atmosphere, great service. I had 3 options I couldn't decide on for dinner - the waiter, Jarrett made his recommendation and I was not disappointed. The Chicken Marsala with Mushroom Risotto was incredible - I kept eating long after I was full. The portions are very generous. My husband ordered the New York Striploin and was very happy with his choice! We will definitely be back - I need to try the other two options on the menu that I couldn't decide on :)	I've never been disappointed with anything I've ever ordered here!
dnVu-A8o7EG5345Kg-TMYQ	ZvPXOQrF1N-cUd4H_p9hqA	5	TnuAIkeLdIfeApmAj2MceQ	I would highly recommend this restaurant! I would also highly recommend making a reservation. We went on a Saturday night at 6:30 and the place was packed. Great atmosphere, great service. I had 3 options I couldn't decide on for dinner - the waiter, Jarrett made his recommendation and I was not disappointed. The Chicken Marsala with Mushroom Risotto was incredible - I kept eating long after I was full. The portions are very generous. My husband ordered the New York Striploin and was very happy with his choice! We will definitely be back - I need to try the other two options on the menu that I couldn't decide on :)	Must make a reservation!!
WvKrRF73eiy0WV1751oobQ	QGwoUv8kx3OxLVo5nYsg1Q	5	JtRhrKwXlTjCEcTixvBLrw	Friendly staff. Clean beds. Other options/services other than tanning beds. Try their hydration bed, really makes you feel great after using it! I tried other tanning places in the area, but this location is convenient and like I said, the owner and staff are all very friendly!	Friendly staff. Clean beds. Other options/services other than tanning beds.
hZfzVrhsCQ9JDAb2jYoJNQ	RDw-K8fjs5Mporlq2KqTUg	1	S_LJIz0K4k6NKylo_5wAAg	I can't believe I am giving a Starbucks a 1 star review. That being said, I stopped in at this Starbucks after a meeting with my photographer for my wedding and before I had to be at work. It was convenient for me and in the area. There's a drive-thru, but because I had plenty of time before I had to be at work I figured I would just go in. The place was full of people, but there were some free seats. I walked right up and put in my order. Mocha, iced, non fat, no whip. Doo doo doo.... So I figure I'll go sit down at a table and wait. Surely I will hear them call my drink. NOPE. Not once did I hear my drink called. NOPE. DIDN'T CALL MY DRINK. So I walk up to the bar (mind you, it's really only been about 4 minutes, but there was ONLY 2 people who ordered after me) and I see my drink, just effing sitting there. As I see it, the barista starts to take it away and gives me this "WTF do you want?" look. And then he snottily says, "Are you waiting for a drink?" And I said, "YES" and he says, "Well we've been calling this one out for awhile." YEA. CUZ I TOTALLY DIDN'T HEAR YOU CALL MY DRINK IN THE QUIET, SMALL AREA WE'RE ALL IN RIGHT NOW. What a little bitch.	They "called out my drink" and I didnt hear it? Give me a break, Im RIGHT THERE. Terrible customer service.
taiJeRv3uvHs2vVlOT2M-A	RDw-K8fjs5Mporlq2KqTUg	3	brZMaL3WiImDjrncqLCohA	Regular meeting place when I'm in town. When my coworker and I meet up after visiting clients at Vegas, we meet up over here since it's next to the 24 Hour Fitness and Walgreens. Far from the strip, so you get the local hangout here, you don't get the rowdy Vegas party goers and you can have a quiet meeting.	Hot green tea zen and 4 honey for my cold and sore throat, plus an Odawalla.
EA-UgJmd-hQ8RBn1odmDJg	RDw-K8fjs5Mporlq2KqTUg	1	Q6RPYRSiS6VMhBt4zPijMw	Still slow service She handed me my venti today and says ooh its coming out the top So by the time i take it and get to the door its running down my arm and still coming out of the top. I walk to the napkin counter and its EMPTY Im wearing a WHITE long sleeve top after all its easter I head to the counter afraid to set it down that it will get worse and i ask for a napkin and she looks at the mess and says.... Ill get it in a minute Seriously????? Its now on my arm and has dropped on my white pants She brings a whole thing of napkins out and fills the dispenser and hands me some I swear they know theres no place else around here for coffee so they just DONT GIVE A SHIT Next week im getting coffee in summerlin at the coffee beanery and see if its any better. 7/25 Todays coffee wring again Two scoops java chips it looks like they put the whole container in extra caramel, not one bit of caramel in it As usual its 2pm so its not like its 7am Too bad its wrong again I may start a lig here of what i order and what i get...	Dont come here if your on your way to work!
EA-UgJmd-hQ8RBn1odmDJg	RDw-K8fjs5Mporlq2KqTUg	1	Q6RPYRSiS6VMhBt4zPijMw	Still slow service She handed me my venti today and says ooh its coming out the top So by the time i take it and get to the door its running down my arm and still coming out of the top. I walk to the napkin counter and its EMPTY Im wearing a WHITE long sleeve top after all its easter I head to the counter afraid to set it down that it will get worse and i ask for a napkin and she looks at the mess and says.... Ill get it in a minute Seriously????? Its now on my arm and has dropped on my white pants She brings a whole thing of napkins out and fills the dispenser and hands me some I swear they know theres no place else around here for coffee so they just DONT GIVE A SHIT Next week im getting coffee in summerlin at the coffee beanery and see if its any better. 7/25 Todays coffee wring again Two scoops java chips it looks like they put the whole container in extra caramel, not one bit of caramel in it As usual its 2pm so its not like its 7am Too bad its wrong again I may start a lig here of what i order and what i get...	I got a half a cup of cold venti coffee today How disappointing
EA-UgJmd-hQ8RBn1odmDJg	RDw-K8fjs5Mporlq2KqTUg	1	Q6RPYRSiS6VMhBt4zPijMw	Still slow service She handed me my venti today and says ooh its coming out the top So by the time i take it and get to the door its running down my arm and still coming out of the top. I walk to the napkin counter and its EMPTY Im wearing a WHITE long sleeve top after all its easter I head to the counter afraid to set it down that it will get worse and i ask for a napkin and she looks at the mess and says.... Ill get it in a minute Seriously????? Its now on my arm and has dropped on my white pants She brings a whole thing of napkins out and fills the dispenser and hands me some I swear they know theres no place else around here for coffee so they just DONT GIVE A SHIT Next week im getting coffee in summerlin at the coffee beanery and see if its any better. 7/25 Todays coffee wring again Two scoops java chips it looks like they put the whole container in extra caramel, not one bit of caramel in it As usual its 2pm so its not like its 7am Too bad its wrong again I may start a lig here of what i order and what i get...	yep...wearing my banana yellow sweats...drinking something warm...dr today
92JI8iSkYuIABHvW_1Mm-A	RDw-K8fjs5Mporlq2KqTUg	3	_WBw7MO2GedzXi0BZXXzTQ	BIG plus for me is they're opened 24-hours 7-days a week! BIG minus is that on my first visit they refused to give me the code to open the bathroom door. I get the reasons why, but I'm not a street person. I've been a frequent customer of SBUX for many years. I go to a SBUX at least 2-3 times a week and usually order a Trenta Black Iced Tea using the mobile app. I was from out of town and had been there about an hour to get some last minute work over the Internet completed when nature called. I've never before been hassled to use the restroom at Starbucks. I ended up ordering (even though I didn't want it) my usual to get the code. Just seemed a bit tacky to me. I downgraded this store to a three star rating for their lack of customer service.	BIG plus for me is they're opened 24-hours 7-days a week!
2mJXdX-_5HrAzai1RUl8eA	RDw-K8fjs5Mporlq2KqTUg	5	pKVwmoOmuFfkvpGY2H02Lw	Great crew at grave yard shift! The rest are ok they get a 4 star.	Breakfast b4 work not enough rice at home :(
2mJXdX-_5HrAzai1RUl8eA	RDw-K8fjs5Mporlq2KqTUg	5	pKVwmoOmuFfkvpGY2H02Lw	Great crew at grave yard shift! The rest are ok they get a 4 star.	Greatest place in vegas they will work to make you feel like it's your home and kick out the bums who keep pissing you off
2mJXdX-_5HrAzai1RUl8eA	RDw-K8fjs5Mporlq2KqTUg	5	pKVwmoOmuFfkvpGY2H02Lw	Great crew at grave yard shift! The rest are ok they get a 4 star.	I'm nice but yell at the bums if you must they are not nice at all they smell up the place and the cops will not do anything unless you the costumer calls. I've seen one call the women with kids sluts and use F works loud with kids around we need this to be a safe place for our familys.
2mJXdX-_5HrAzai1RUl8eA	RDw-K8fjs5Mporlq2KqTUg	5	pKVwmoOmuFfkvpGY2H02Lw	Great crew at grave yard shift! The rest are ok they get a 4 star.	Sober station lol no I'm not drunk.
2mJXdX-_5HrAzai1RUl8eA	RDw-K8fjs5Mporlq2KqTUg	5	pKVwmoOmuFfkvpGY2H02Lw	Great crew at grave yard shift! The rest are ok they get a 4 star.	They need to start serving boba like the asian starbucks in asia lol.
6kvGowEk1AvUUwWHLkJyNg	RDw-K8fjs5Mporlq2KqTUg	3	tQv04LrPsT04yS_2iVpdPA	One of the few Starbucks that are open 24hrs. No matter what time you come here, it's always filled with people. This is not a place where you can study unless you're one that can study in an active and noisy setting. I came here at 3am and there were still a good amount people. Free WiFi but more of the concern is finding a seat where you can use your laptop. Would have given this a 2 star but I kinda have a crush on one of the barista in this joint. She's cute, cool funny personality...oh i better shut up, i'm going off the subject. So yea, this place is very active and crowded so I recommend another place if you go during the early hours because this place gets crowded.	Should have stuck with the Grind, so many people here in starbucks
DdLkSIXBHza8MyRof-stbw	RDw-K8fjs5Mporlq2KqTUg	2	rsvf9oEKYJ4sV7lQWKjXDw	I used to go to this location as my usual hangout spot with my usual hangout group seeing the usual regulars and the usual employees... but that's all changed. I don't knew what or when they decided to stop giving a hoot here. They renovated the place and now it looks cheap. There is always something wrong with the bathrooms... ALWAYS. Half of the staff is unhappy now and the outside sitting area is seriously gross. I don't know what's going on but I bet it has to do with the new Charles Frias park they built across the street. If there's a park nearby, it's a living area for many homeless people and I've seen a increasing number of them in that area, even saw a few "bum fights" happen while I was there. They need to clean up the outside of their establishment, maintain the inside, and (actually this one is for the business that manages the building complex area) better patrol their customers. I have much more to include but I think I've made my point clear.	A place to call my own... well, sort of. Lol.
DdLkSIXBHza8MyRof-stbw	RDw-K8fjs5Mporlq2KqTUg	2	rsvf9oEKYJ4sV7lQWKjXDw	I used to go to this location as my usual hangout spot with my usual hangout group seeing the usual regulars and the usual employees... but that's all changed. I don't knew what or when they decided to stop giving a hoot here. They renovated the place and now it looks cheap. There is always something wrong with the bathrooms... ALWAYS. Half of the staff is unhappy now and the outside sitting area is seriously gross. I don't know what's going on but I bet it has to do with the new Charles Frias park they built across the street. If there's a park nearby, it's a living area for many homeless people and I've seen a increasing number of them in that area, even saw a few "bum fights" happen while I was there. They need to clean up the outside of their establishment, maintain the inside, and (actually this one is for the business that manages the building complex area) better patrol their customers. I have much more to include but I think I've made my point clear.	Fueling Up to be hydrated to be ready for this weekend. Buying supplies tomorrow to say BRING ON THE RUBBER!
DdLkSIXBHza8MyRof-stbw	RDw-K8fjs5Mporlq2KqTUg	2	rsvf9oEKYJ4sV7lQWKjXDw	I used to go to this location as my usual hangout spot with my usual hangout group seeing the usual regulars and the usual employees... but that's all changed. I don't knew what or when they decided to stop giving a hoot here. They renovated the place and now it looks cheap. There is always something wrong with the bathrooms... ALWAYS. Half of the staff is unhappy now and the outside sitting area is seriously gross. I don't know what's going on but I bet it has to do with the new Charles Frias park they built across the street. If there's a park nearby, it's a living area for many homeless people and I've seen a increasing number of them in that area, even saw a few "bum fights" happen while I was there. They need to clean up the outside of their establishment, maintain the inside, and (actually this one is for the business that manages the building complex area) better patrol their customers. I have much more to include but I think I've made my point clear.	Here... not the nail salon. XD
DdLkSIXBHza8MyRof-stbw	RDw-K8fjs5Mporlq2KqTUg	2	rsvf9oEKYJ4sV7lQWKjXDw	I used to go to this location as my usual hangout spot with my usual hangout group seeing the usual regulars and the usual employees... but that's all changed. I don't knew what or when they decided to stop giving a hoot here. They renovated the place and now it looks cheap. There is always something wrong with the bathrooms... ALWAYS. Half of the staff is unhappy now and the outside sitting area is seriously gross. I don't know what's going on but I bet it has to do with the new Charles Frias park they built across the street. If there's a park nearby, it's a living area for many homeless people and I've seen a increasing number of them in that area, even saw a few "bum fights" happen while I was there. They need to clean up the outside of their establishment, maintain the inside, and (actually this one is for the business that manages the building complex area) better patrol their customers. I have much more to include but I think I've made my point clear.	I'll need some drank later tonight.
DdLkSIXBHza8MyRof-stbw	RDw-K8fjs5Mporlq2KqTUg	2	rsvf9oEKYJ4sV7lQWKjXDw	I used to go to this location as my usual hangout spot with my usual hangout group seeing the usual regulars and the usual employees... but that's all changed. I don't knew what or when they decided to stop giving a hoot here. They renovated the place and now it looks cheap. There is always something wrong with the bathrooms... ALWAYS. Half of the staff is unhappy now and the outside sitting area is seriously gross. I don't know what's going on but I bet it has to do with the new Charles Frias park they built across the street. If there's a park nearby, it's a living area for many homeless people and I've seen a increasing number of them in that area, even saw a few "bum fights" happen while I was there. They need to clean up the outside of their establishment, maintain the inside, and (actually this one is for the business that manages the building complex area) better patrol their customers. I have much more to include but I think I've made my point clear.	Inka binka bottle of ink, the cork fell out and you stink!
DdLkSIXBHza8MyRof-stbw	RDw-K8fjs5Mporlq2KqTUg	2	rsvf9oEKYJ4sV7lQWKjXDw	I used to go to this location as my usual hangout spot with my usual hangout group seeing the usual regulars and the usual employees... but that's all changed. I don't knew what or when they decided to stop giving a hoot here. They renovated the place and now it looks cheap. There is always something wrong with the bathrooms... ALWAYS. Half of the staff is unhappy now and the outside sitting area is seriously gross. I don't know what's going on but I bet it has to do with the new Charles Frias park they built across the street. If there's a park nearby, it's a living area for many homeless people and I've seen a increasing number of them in that area, even saw a few "bum fights" happen while I was there. They need to clean up the outside of their establishment, maintain the inside, and (actually this one is for the business that manages the building complex area) better patrol their customers. I have much more to include but I think I've made my point clear.	It's a miracle I don't have my own table reserved here. LOL.
DdLkSIXBHza8MyRof-stbw	RDw-K8fjs5Mporlq2KqTUg	2	rsvf9oEKYJ4sV7lQWKjXDw	I used to go to this location as my usual hangout spot with my usual hangout group seeing the usual regulars and the usual employees... but that's all changed. I don't knew what or when they decided to stop giving a hoot here. They renovated the place and now it looks cheap. There is always something wrong with the bathrooms... ALWAYS. Half of the staff is unhappy now and the outside sitting area is seriously gross. I don't know what's going on but I bet it has to do with the new Charles Frias park they built across the street. If there's a park nearby, it's a living area for many homeless people and I've seen a increasing number of them in that area, even saw a few "bum fights" happen while I was there. They need to clean up the outside of their establishment, maintain the inside, and (actually this one is for the business that manages the building complex area) better patrol their customers. I have much more to include but I think I've made my point clear.	It's a sand storm outside people, relax!
DdLkSIXBHza8MyRof-stbw	RDw-K8fjs5Mporlq2KqTUg	2	rsvf9oEKYJ4sV7lQWKjXDw	I used to go to this location as my usual hangout spot with my usual hangout group seeing the usual regulars and the usual employees... but that's all changed. I don't knew what or when they decided to stop giving a hoot here. They renovated the place and now it looks cheap. There is always something wrong with the bathrooms... ALWAYS. Half of the staff is unhappy now and the outside sitting area is seriously gross. I don't know what's going on but I bet it has to do with the new Charles Frias park they built across the street. If there's a park nearby, it's a living area for many homeless people and I've seen a increasing number of them in that area, even saw a few "bum fights" happen while I was there. They need to clean up the outside of their establishment, maintain the inside, and (actually this one is for the business that manages the building complex area) better patrol their customers. I have much more to include but I think I've made my point clear.	Sweet dreams are made of these who would I to disagree.
DdLkSIXBHza8MyRof-stbw	RDw-K8fjs5Mporlq2KqTUg	2	rsvf9oEKYJ4sV7lQWKjXDw	I used to go to this location as my usual hangout spot with my usual hangout group seeing the usual regulars and the usual employees... but that's all changed. I don't knew what or when they decided to stop giving a hoot here. They renovated the place and now it looks cheap. There is always something wrong with the bathrooms... ALWAYS. Half of the staff is unhappy now and the outside sitting area is seriously gross. I don't know what's going on but I bet it has to do with the new Charles Frias park they built across the street. If there's a park nearby, it's a living area for many homeless people and I've seen a increasing number of them in that area, even saw a few "bum fights" happen while I was there. They need to clean up the outside of their establishment, maintain the inside, and (actually this one is for the business that manages the building complex area) better patrol their customers. I have much more to include but I think I've made my point clear.	This is my usual hang out spot. Night Staff is thee best! Great Staff, Great Community, & Great Drinks. Who could ask for more?
DdLkSIXBHza8MyRof-stbw	RDw-K8fjs5Mporlq2KqTUg	2	rsvf9oEKYJ4sV7lQWKjXDw	I used to go to this location as my usual hangout spot with my usual hangout group seeing the usual regulars and the usual employees... but that's all changed. I don't knew what or when they decided to stop giving a hoot here. They renovated the place and now it looks cheap. There is always something wrong with the bathrooms... ALWAYS. Half of the staff is unhappy now and the outside sitting area is seriously gross. I don't know what's going on but I bet it has to do with the new Charles Frias park they built across the street. If there's a park nearby, it's a living area for many homeless people and I've seen a increasing number of them in that area, even saw a few "bum fights" happen while I was there. They need to clean up the outside of their establishment, maintain the inside, and (actually this one is for the business that manages the building complex area) better patrol their customers. I have much more to include but I think I've made my point clear.	Time out session. Exhausted.
z908ldotiE_K0-gJv0qk8Q	RDw-K8fjs5Mporlq2KqTUg	5	TsicH6E62EoVKWziTfDXWw	Fast drive through.....awesome customer service.....great pumpkin spice frapp.....this Starbucks is on a very busy corner was very impressed with there quick service....will def. stop by again	No one but me in the drive thru!! Bows the time...
g_4zySOI_HisK5rG_2dw6Q	RDw-K8fjs5Mporlq2KqTUg	1	CyeBBQtmhbFzduxy_kMvrQ	I have been a very loyal Starbucks fan and gold card holder for many years now, so when it comes to drinks, my palate can definitely tell the good from the bad. This location is definitely a miss--both in service and the quality of their drinks. There is something always wrong at this Starbucks. I come here often because it is only a couple blocks from my house and in the beginning, I thought okay maybe it was just a coincidence, but time after time, there is always something wrong. After todays "oppsies", I had to write this review. Here are a list of the mishaps that I remember off the top of my head: 1. Asking for less ice and getting more ice than normal. 2. Their mobile site offered Chestnut Praline Latte only for them to say that they no longer offered it. Other stores had no longer offered it and made the change on their mobile site. This location did not make the change until a month later. (Yes, I kept a keen eye on them). 3. Always out of strawberries for their strawberry acai refresher. Excuse: "We are never sent strawberries." Put in an order for goodness sake! 4. Drizzles of caramel always on the outside of the caramel macchiato cup :O 5. Electricity shortages. 6. Drinks seem very diluted compared to other Starbucks locations. Skimping out on the espresso and filling cold drinks up with too much ice or milk! My pink drink always tasted like diluted strawberry flavored water and when I was finished with my drink, my cup was still 50% full of ice :( 7. Baristas are always chit chatting and messing with on another while the customers patiently await their drinks. I have always given this Starbucks location a chance time after time, but after todays oppsies, I will not be returning and I hope you do not either. Drive yourself down a couple blocks and there will surely be another Starbucks ready to make your drink tastier and with a smile :)	Electricity down est until 3pm
iSC96O2NjQc3JExGUHQG0Q	RDw-K8fjs5Mporlq2KqTUg	4	PsqIrIndV16ETsGyRkbVYg	Ok I know thinking what is there really too add too another Starbucks review. It not as though its major chain and seen one seen them all. It not often that you find ones that stay open 24 hours. I did notice that they do close from one hour in day 3:30-4:30. I still remember the first time heard them staying open 24/7 like YES Frappuccino urge good too go! Naturally I had too order one. I went with one of the newer (on my menu brought it back) ones Mocha Cookie Crumble. Good. Honestly think next time would stick with the safe or my favorite just straight up Mocha or Caramel. I never got much of hint of Cookie in it, Mocha definitely had nice flavor, and Crumble no idea where that was in it. Still any Frappuccino on hot Vegas day is a beautiful thing. The interior design talk about completely updated or really has been years since the last time stopped by this location. It felt like night and day for me. Now you have whole deli section with sandwiches, other drinks besides coffee (bottle water, fruit juices, and lot of different selection can choose) can purchase, and like the fact its separate rather then in front of the register area. Still have nice display of baked goodies like normal. Instead of all stand up tables or tables. They still do but have one long rectangle table more like family table can sit down with lap top get stuff done and have your coffee. The artwork hanging all around the walls really modern too the lighting fixtures. All creating great ambience too kick back with coffee chill do some reading, talking stories with friends, or going on lap top do whatever. The only negative is this location is pretty busy all the time.. I go too the gym all the time in the same shopping plaza and always people going in and out or hanging outside little patio area. The service was great! I did find it odd that she never mention about HH price on Frappuccino from 3-5. I was wondering why my grande was so cheap. Unfortunately only promotion till next week. If looking for a laid back Starbucks one that nice size, great place too people watch too since so busy, great ambience, and relax with friends. I would recommend coming too this location. Hopefully able too find spot too sit down can be a drawback.	Half price off ALL Frappuccino HH 3-5
qPVtjjp8sNQ32p9860SR9Q	RDw-K8fjs5Mporlq2KqTUg	5	JvgkZXU2W2Jk4eYolzDGQA	I believe that it is time to update my review on this particular Starbucks! I am here now if not everyday every other day! I've been able to really learn the dynamics of this store and when the "peak" times and "non-peak" times are. I remember only giving them one star on my original review due to some of the extremely busy times that I have encountered. Guess what I have learned though? MOBILE ORDER in the morning so that you are not sitting in that drive-thru for 20 minutes or more. It's no secret that this location can get extremely busy! They also can't help the fact that they do sometimes get people in that drive-thru who order $50 worth of stuff that they should've went inside for. Please don't be that person who is ordering a million and one things through the Drive-Thru! You are hindering the ones who actually would like to DRIVE THRU damn it! The workers here are amazing and I really have gotten to know majority of them by name as they know me. Throughout all of the madness that goes on here they never once stop smiling and continue to do their jobs. Yes I've still had a few hiccups since then however how they handle and own the problem is what actually matters the most. They went from being my LEAST favorite Starbucks to now my FAVORITE! One star all the way to FIVE! Now that my friends is amazing accomplishment as I do NOT hand out Five stars that easy!	For You Egg Lovers Try The New Breakfast Egg Bites! Choice Of Bacon Or Vegetarian
qPVtjjp8sNQ32p9860SR9Q	RDw-K8fjs5Mporlq2KqTUg	5	JvgkZXU2W2Jk4eYolzDGQA	I believe that it is time to update my review on this particular Starbucks! I am here now if not everyday every other day! I've been able to really learn the dynamics of this store and when the "peak" times and "non-peak" times are. I remember only giving them one star on my original review due to some of the extremely busy times that I have encountered. Guess what I have learned though? MOBILE ORDER in the morning so that you are not sitting in that drive-thru for 20 minutes or more. It's no secret that this location can get extremely busy! They also can't help the fact that they do sometimes get people in that drive-thru who order $50 worth of stuff that they should've went inside for. Please don't be that person who is ordering a million and one things through the Drive-Thru! You are hindering the ones who actually would like to DRIVE THRU damn it! The workers here are amazing and I really have gotten to know majority of them by name as they know me. Throughout all of the madness that goes on here they never once stop smiling and continue to do their jobs. Yes I've still had a few hiccups since then however how they handle and own the problem is what actually matters the most. They went from being my LEAST favorite Starbucks to now my FAVORITE! One star all the way to FIVE! Now that my friends is amazing accomplishment as I do NOT hand out Five stars that easy!	Skip The Featured "Joy Tea" Its Awful
28z9lMhHMPzK4ROsLdP3Cw	Ze4VPogvcD7inc3QuvY_yg	1	msF_B-unofkUBTC37Aed1A	Terrible service overall need to train there staff in customer service the food is not that great	Terrible service overall need to train there staff in customer service
w8XT23FKowSAR7Lk20J23g	Ze4VPogvcD7inc3QuvY_yg	1	361Ilc5bFLtpe16AXaDqCA	This place has seriously gone downhill. I used to come here often, seeing as how it was 24 hours and a good price for all day breakfast. The food has gone south. Had the steak and eggs for $13.99 and it was disgusting. I could go to T-Bonez and get an 8oz steak dinner for $13.99. The eggs were really dry. The steak was really dry. Everything was really dry. Our meals came with toast, and no jam! We were told we had to pay 20 cents per pod of jam. Hello? I think that if you're going to serve toast, the least you can do it provide you one pod of jam. Then charge extra for additional. The service was bleh too, I mean I guess you sort of expect it from a place like this. But our server asked only one person if they wanted white or brown toast. And then asked another person if they wanted home fries or something else. Aren't you supposed to ask everyone? Bad experience. Won't come back.	Gotta pay 20 cents for jam!
mTYbrDN-hhFiKHa7N-FakQ	Ze4VPogvcD7inc3QuvY_yg	3	E6w0NpPYKBB7IM8upKHLUg	Okay, let's be clear here. We're talking about a 24 hour breakfast restaurant that happens to sell other items cleverly disguised to be viable options at lunch and dinner. If you're on your cell phone and you're looking for a plateful of food and just need to get your grub on then you've found your mecca. Any of the breakfast menu items found on one side of the paper placemat menu will do. All you have to decide is how much cholesterol you're in the mood for. Servers are pretty quick here and when it's busy there's a reason for that - they want to get you in an out as quickly as possible. The decor has all the charm of the lower deck on the Titanic. I always laugh at the barrier between booths that are side by side. This piece of wood that is elbow height can be removed to make the booths feel more like one unit. Someone put time and effort into this but it really doesn't improve any scenario when removed. TO SUM IT UP: Come here and get breakfast any time of the day but don't be dissuaded of the book by its cover.	No matter what time you come, breakfast is the best thing to order here.
U-ShAPTi0XgI0h6PDQstCg	Ze4VPogvcD7inc3QuvY_yg	1	r4XqGiEvr4_igFsYSQVh2w	Someone recommended this all day breakfast restaurant so I've decided to go and check it out. The service was awful. The waitress treated me as if I wasn't there. I've ordered a soup and breakfast but my soup never showed up and they served with wrong food. At the end, one of the complementary candies was missing. I will not go back.	Someone recommended this all day breakfast restaurant so I've decided to go and check it out. The service was awful. I've ordered a soup and breakfast but my soup never showed up and they served with wrong food. At the end, one of the complementary candies was missing. I will not go back.
SA4-yquVCuA1yktljrKm4g	Ze4VPogvcD7inc3QuvY_yg	2	NmFWwt0LRU5Cn2NYPBszYg	The quality of this place has been going down hill over the years. Its just a cheap place to get a 4.99 breakfast from 6am-11am. Nothing more nothing less. They do not have debit machines.	Bad fries and this restaurant is known for having "bugs"
L8GB1sEXJrVfR-UsDRjI-g	Ze4VPogvcD7inc3QuvY_yg	5	NEZjkEwg5v5XhXhwGGmThw	Key Features: Banquet Burger, and the Paintings on the wall. I've been coming back to Markham Station for the better part of a decade. Why? Originally, it was because - when I needed a full belly at three o'clock in the morning, this was the only game in town. Well, there was Golden Griddle - but Markham Station was a cut above. 24 hour dining has never looked so good. To this day, I've only been in about 3 or 4 times before 11pm. My normal Markham Station experience takes place between 2 - 4am. The staff are great, and seem happy to be there. Which I've never understood, as they're working at 3 in the morning. But this is a big plus that not all 24 hour diners will offer. Next up is the banquet burger. Throw down some bacon, a moist, juicy, patty, and all the veggies you could want - and you're set. But then you end up with more fries than you'd see as a separate order in any number of other establishments. And then they give you a vat of mayonnaise. If, for some reason, there's not enough mayo, they'll keep hooking you up - free of charge. Now, the food - and the timing - that's just one small reason to show up to Markham Station. The other is the large painting on the far wall. The first time you see it, you'll just assume it's a train, pulling into the station. Then you start to notice details. First, little ones (like the giant goose standing on the horizon) then another - some of the people don't have shadows. The only explanation? Ghosts. In the house on the far right - often unseen due to it being blocked by the barricade to the washroom - there is a ghostly black face in the darkened window. Little by little the horror in this serene scene beings to grow. And then you notice there are other paintings on other walls. The more you notice, the more bizarre it all seems. But then you forget. And you're back to the burger. Ohh yeah - and if you get garlic bread with your meal? Eat it first. Otherwise it will cut apart the inside of your mouth, once it has hardened, at the end of your meal.	Eat the garlic bread first! If you save it until the end, it will harden and slice up your mouth. You are warned.
L8GB1sEXJrVfR-UsDRjI-g	Ze4VPogvcD7inc3QuvY_yg	5	NEZjkEwg5v5XhXhwGGmThw	Key Features: Banquet Burger, and the Paintings on the wall. I've been coming back to Markham Station for the better part of a decade. Why? Originally, it was because - when I needed a full belly at three o'clock in the morning, this was the only game in town. Well, there was Golden Griddle - but Markham Station was a cut above. 24 hour dining has never looked so good. To this day, I've only been in about 3 or 4 times before 11pm. My normal Markham Station experience takes place between 2 - 4am. The staff are great, and seem happy to be there. Which I've never understood, as they're working at 3 in the morning. But this is a big plus that not all 24 hour diners will offer. Next up is the banquet burger. Throw down some bacon, a moist, juicy, patty, and all the veggies you could want - and you're set. But then you end up with more fries than you'd see as a separate order in any number of other establishments. And then they give you a vat of mayonnaise. If, for some reason, there's not enough mayo, they'll keep hooking you up - free of charge. Now, the food - and the timing - that's just one small reason to show up to Markham Station. The other is the large painting on the far wall. The first time you see it, you'll just assume it's a train, pulling into the station. Then you start to notice details. First, little ones (like the giant goose standing on the horizon) then another - some of the people don't have shadows. The only explanation? Ghosts. In the house on the far right - often unseen due to it being blocked by the barricade to the washroom - there is a ghostly black face in the darkened window. Little by little the horror in this serene scene beings to grow. And then you notice there are other paintings on other walls. The more you notice, the more bizarre it all seems. But then you forget. And you're back to the burger. Ohh yeah - and if you get garlic bread with your meal? Eat it first. Otherwise it will cut apart the inside of your mouth, once it has hardened, at the end of your meal.	Looking at the painting on the wall always reveals somethig bizarre and new.
keJDygslzPNPo6-s5t7UFQ	Ze4VPogvcD7inc3QuvY_yg	2	OVbX6uInUt5UGgMWXXgeGg	Sitting down with food in front of me in under 10 mins!!! And that's where it ends...I needed a quick breakfast and was in the area so I stopped in. It's nothing special; I can make this at home. It was quick & cheap & not McDonalds.	Sitting down with food in front of me in under 10 mins!!!
cdpO0F0kGP07FVCRp8RBXw	Ze4VPogvcD7inc3QuvY_yg	2	KMcUnFNwJcWT_uTVYB14Sg	I came here to appease my family when they suggested this place a day for breakfast. After my last experiences i was determined to avoid this place. Edible enough food with spotty service on weekends. Basically Your staple breakfast foods (eggs, homefries, sausage, toast and coffee). My one major peeve is the lack of quicker service on my past 2 visits this year. Moreover the quality of service. The coffee comes with free refills, when I was a kid I recall the servers coming by frequently. I had to flag the servers down multiple times for this. The servers are polite, but I guess it's difficult to manage on busier days? I come here, think of my childhood, come With my parents. I guess it's tradition, but I remember it being way way better. But I think it's time I convince my brother to love Eggsmart more than this place.	Go during off peak times and cross your fingers for better service
g9MYC0QTNPPmbIdrtdan9A	Ze4VPogvcD7inc3QuvY_yg	5	r5SziDSh_zXFt28h1aT2Tg	Man if you come for their breakfast specials from 6am to 11am for 5.99 this place is definitely a 5*. Their food is good and where else can you get so much breakfast food for only 5.99??? I believe it comes with 3 eggs 3 sausages 3 bacon, home fries and toast. I've never made it up for that but I have come here for brunch a bunch of times and the food is really great normally as well. I'm surprised at the low rating since this place is huge and seems to always have a very decent amount of people dining in it at any time in the day. Actually maybe it's because most of it is old people and they don't use Yelp.. Only thing is sometimes I crave peanut butter and they don't carry it. But whatever. Also, the servers are generally quite nice too.	They don't have peanut butter!
g9MYC0QTNPPmbIdrtdan9A	Ze4VPogvcD7inc3QuvY_yg	5	r5SziDSh_zXFt28h1aT2Tg	Man if you come for their breakfast specials from 6am to 11am for 5.99 this place is definitely a 5*. Their food is good and where else can you get so much breakfast food for only 5.99??? I believe it comes with 3 eggs 3 sausages 3 bacon, home fries and toast. I've never made it up for that but I have come here for brunch a bunch of times and the food is really great normally as well. I'm surprised at the low rating since this place is huge and seems to always have a very decent amount of people dining in it at any time in the day. Actually maybe it's because most of it is old people and they don't use Yelp.. Only thing is sometimes I crave peanut butter and they don't carry it. But whatever. Also, the servers are generally quite nice too.	they don't have peanut butter
Xkt4SlM8Gqx91f-p61TNaA	LtNhEt9TYEFx5HIhwOxfEA	4	1_1shPhBbtkrKwYu_6Zkdw	This is Gold's!!! Everyone has the same focus...To workout not gossip or bother someone during thier workout!!!	When I'm here no one bothers me during my workout... The attitude here is great...
y-dpL5Iun_Drej8DFGfAgg	LtNhEt9TYEFx5HIhwOxfEA	4	A7am93_z0ozR5Zbto1mKcQ	Love it! the classes are so much fun and you dont even feel like you are workig out!! great atmosphere! REALLY busy from 4 to 8... that's why I go at 530 am! lol	Gettin my run on!!! Finally!
tH0uKD-vNwMoEc3Xk3Cbdg	LtNhEt9TYEFx5HIhwOxfEA	4	s53jdDle977h3OIjRMelpg	I used to be a 24 Hour Fitness girl until this location opened. It's newer and super close to home. I can seriously run from home to here and back as my cardio but there's that thought that what if I drop weights on my foot, then how will I get home? It's clean and pretty well-maintained. Their check-in process is efficient since they have your picture on file and they'll ask you simple questions if you forgot to bring your membership card. There's a basketball court, cardio cinema and weights area on the first floor; exercise class rooms and more cardio equipments on the second floor. What's funny to me is that there are rules against poor hygiene and loud/obnoxious noises written on their contract. I'm a germaphobe + dudes grunting while lifting 20lbs or those who leave machines/mats warm and sweaty bother me. I can say there are still some members that are like that but not as bad as the other gyms I've been to. They will check if you're carrying a towel when you come in, yay! It's open 24 hours/day and they have classes as early as 5:30am up to 7:30pm so I can join classes before and after work. I've attended Body Pump, Body Combat and Spin - fun stuff! Excellent instructors. I had the coolest trainer that helped me reach my goal but he left so no more training sesh for me. The only gripe I can think of would be the one front desk girl on a Sunday morning who looks like she needs vitamins and some sleep or coffee. But other than that, I think everyone that works here are lively and helpful.	A/C is down til further notice (8-19-13) ;_;
tH0uKD-vNwMoEc3Xk3Cbdg	LtNhEt9TYEFx5HIhwOxfEA	4	s53jdDle977h3OIjRMelpg	I used to be a 24 Hour Fitness girl until this location opened. It's newer and super close to home. I can seriously run from home to here and back as my cardio but there's that thought that what if I drop weights on my foot, then how will I get home? It's clean and pretty well-maintained. Their check-in process is efficient since they have your picture on file and they'll ask you simple questions if you forgot to bring your membership card. There's a basketball court, cardio cinema and weights area on the first floor; exercise class rooms and more cardio equipments on the second floor. What's funny to me is that there are rules against poor hygiene and loud/obnoxious noises written on their contract. I'm a germaphobe + dudes grunting while lifting 20lbs or those who leave machines/mats warm and sweaty bother me. I can say there are still some members that are like that but not as bad as the other gyms I've been to. They will check if you're carrying a towel when you come in, yay! It's open 24 hours/day and they have classes as early as 5:30am up to 7:30pm so I can join classes before and after work. I've attended Body Pump, Body Combat and Spin - fun stuff! Excellent instructors. I had the coolest trainer that helped me reach my goal but he left so no more training sesh for me. The only gripe I can think of would be the one front desk girl on a Sunday morning who looks like she needs vitamins and some sleep or coffee. But other than that, I think everyone that works here are lively and helpful.	Gold's Gym Las Vegas is now EOS
tH0uKD-vNwMoEc3Xk3Cbdg	LtNhEt9TYEFx5HIhwOxfEA	4	s53jdDle977h3OIjRMelpg	I used to be a 24 Hour Fitness girl until this location opened. It's newer and super close to home. I can seriously run from home to here and back as my cardio but there's that thought that what if I drop weights on my foot, then how will I get home? It's clean and pretty well-maintained. Their check-in process is efficient since they have your picture on file and they'll ask you simple questions if you forgot to bring your membership card. There's a basketball court, cardio cinema and weights area on the first floor; exercise class rooms and more cardio equipments on the second floor. What's funny to me is that there are rules against poor hygiene and loud/obnoxious noises written on their contract. I'm a germaphobe + dudes grunting while lifting 20lbs or those who leave machines/mats warm and sweaty bother me. I can say there are still some members that are like that but not as bad as the other gyms I've been to. They will check if you're carrying a towel when you come in, yay! It's open 24 hours/day and they have classes as early as 5:30am up to 7:30pm so I can join classes before and after work. I've attended Body Pump, Body Combat and Spin - fun stuff! Excellent instructors. I had the coolest trainer that helped me reach my goal but he left so no more training sesh for me. The only gripe I can think of would be the one front desk girl on a Sunday morning who looks like she needs vitamins and some sleep or coffee. But other than that, I think everyone that works here are lively and helpful.	Please be considerate and take a shower/ use deodorant before going to the gym. Kthanksbye!
Bj_MarPEKBe2xN12YimekQ	LtNhEt9TYEFx5HIhwOxfEA	4	g97yWYvJKInp_5-k3bdufw	I have to admit I didn't want to sign up with Golds Gym. It was a preconceived notion that I would be surrounded by guys on roids and women dressed up like they are going to the club afterwards. I've always been a 24 hour fitness gal and never wanted to look else where. This place has a low monthly rate and no contract plus it's a quick jaunt from my place in Aliante. I actually live really close to the other location on Centennial but that one is way too small for my liking. This gym is clean, pretty well ventilated and I never had a issue not being able to use the equipment I wanted. I only been to the yoga classes but the others look pretty popular since most times I take a peek inside it's pretty packed. My little one goes to the Child Care Center here and even though I love the one at 24 Fitness way better this one isn't bad. There are more people on staff here to watch over the little ones and they do require you to make a appointment to bring in your little nugget so it's not over crowded. My little girl had taken a position that she no longer likes going to the child care area and the workers there are very kind and helpful to coax her to stay. Overall I would and have recommended this gym :-)	Just remember the child care area now does reservations only....I haven't brought the nugget in for awhile so I wasn't in the know for the new rule. They were nice enough to fit her in.
WX1k1QLhG6_kmbK-R2YQiQ	LtNhEt9TYEFx5HIhwOxfEA	5	oKXgmCCHpsiq8W_TD4-yIg	The Losee location of Golds Gym is amazing. Everything from swimming pool to a basketball court. Fitness classes such as Zumba and MMA are available to your disposal. The staff is very friendly and energetic and the personal trainers are fun to work with to help you reach your ideal body state. If you call Shannon Harris at the Aliante & Centennial location (10 minutes from Centennial and Losee) at 702-396-0800, he'll hook you up with a Golds Gym membership for $0 down, 1st month free, $20 per/mo. after. Call now to make your appointment	Come and see Shannon Harris for membership deals.
y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ	LtNhEt9TYEFx5HIhwOxfEA	4	kCzps_AMBqU5X-4sdUWiog	Okay...I have to admit. I wasn't a fan of this gym when I first stepped foot in here a couple of years ago. I had a quick workout back then and a lot of the machines, including cardio, were down. That was then, this is now. Either management changed or this Gold's stepped it up. I recently became a member just to change things up. Plus, this location is a hop, skip, and a jump away from my house. When it comes to me reviewing a gym, I look at cleanliness, equipment, and ambiance. Here are my thoughts so far; Cardio: Located upstairs and plenty of it. You have multiple flat screens to past the time. Even better, this gym has a cardio theater, which can be perfect for Low Intensity Steady State Cardio. Located upstairs is also their classes, TRX area, and spin classes. Machines: A mix of Life Fitness Machines and Hammer Strength. I'm not the biggest fan of Life Fitness Equipment. The only exceptions are their leg machines. But I am a fan of Hammer Strength and there's a ton of it. Free-Weights: Enough benches, power racks, and weights. A great addition to their free-weights is their squat bar, corner rows, and even a deadlift/shrug contraption. My only issue with their free weights is their lack of dumbbells between 10 lbs and 35 lbs. Either these lbs are nonexistent or they're lying around somewhere in the gym. There's still a ton of the monster DB's though Rest Rooms: Only reviewing the men's, lol. Huge locker room with a lounge to decompress, maybe watch some TV. Tanning Rooms: For additional charge, you can tan here. Not for me, but just throwing it out there. The staff here is excellent. Cesar knows his stuff and gave me advice on my membership without trying to push for commission. The gym is also clean and this time around, their equipment is all in great working order. PS: Like all other gyms, this one gets busy. I drive by here often and notice the parking lot during the peak times is crazy. My suggestion, get in early or really late. Yeah Buddy!!!	Cardio Theater is perfect for long bouts of LISS Cardio
cZ16H_Fc3s2-2AYrs-LEJg	LtNhEt9TYEFx5HIhwOxfEA	3	AznSXUt2Ci9AoeTAbTRjVA	They reinstated my membership after several discussions with different managers and "higher-ups"	Shannon H. hooked me upppppp with a great deal
xD0zXwapBausN9rwNLAXcg	LtNhEt9TYEFx5HIhwOxfEA	4	mgBQd5V7yWhCpOKZe2z_CQ	I really like this gym. It's super clean and the staff is friendly. They have everything you'd need.. great locker room, pool, kid's care, a CINEMA and tons of classes. I do agree with someone who mentioned rates fluctuating. I spoke to three different people and got three different quotes. Try talking to DC.. he's pretty helpful and will work with you. Highly recommend this place. Probably the best gym I've ever been to.	Zumba with Nuvia is awesome
SAWkTZbP79ildfrDsiqUrQ	LtNhEt9TYEFx5HIhwOxfEA	4	ju8sJwxbjaV0dqq7uPf2Bg	I'll always be a LVAC girl but this gym isn't too shabby. It's much better than the Golds on Centennial that's for sure. My friend has a membership here and he likes me to keep him company so I happily oblige. What stood out most to me was the Cardio Cinema. It actually feels like a movie theater. Ginormous screen and a pretty decent sound system. It's easy to lose a few hours in here if a good movie is showing. Twilight was on once and I'm pretty sure I ran six miles that night! Whoever thought of cardio cinema is a genius. There's two floors. Second floor is mainly treadmills, ellipticals, stair masters, bikes, and rooms for fitness classes. First floor is mainly what I like to call "the dude section". Weights galore, basketball court and the pool which always looks like it isn't getting much use. And is it just me or does anyone else think the front entrance area is a huge waste of square footage? Seems like they could've dialed back on the open concept and used that wide open space for more machines or something more useful. Similar to most gyms, it's pretty busy during the evenings and sadly that's usually the only time I can go. Personally, I've never had the problem of waiting for a machine so I can't complain but from what my boyfriend says the weight area can be a pain when it gets too crowded. More notable mentions, most gym goers seem to follow the rules as far as towels and wiping off equipment. There's a rest area in the locker room, equipped with lounge chairs and a tv which is a nice option to have after a long & hard work out session. Overall this gym could use some updating but there's no doubt it gets the job done. Every time I leave this gym I'm dripping sweat & in desperate need of a shower. Mission accomplished. 4 solid stars.	The Cardio Cinema is worth the membership alone.
GMKoemATfrXg1deaXxt2jA	KBBXaD0FXDTpFuTuSJ6yHA	4	xb_O_TrdFtFmFIlj_Qt3LQ	A consistent chain with a menu that leaves me with many options that takes me a moment or two to decide. There are so many that are colorful with veggies and so many that seem healthy. This pleases me very much. It was lunchtime and they have specials in which you can choose 2 from different categories for prices by category. My husband chose that option and had 1/2 a grilled club sandwich and a chicken Caesar salad and I had the crispy chicken salad. We were both satisfied with our choices and finished every bite. Service was good, quality of food was great, prices were fair.	Hello. We are waiting to be acknowledged at the door.
vInhYl7i3v9UsYkmcm_ZUA	KBBXaD0FXDTpFuTuSJ6yHA	3	FgEFZcPJONLnwf4RJtA2iA	I stopped by here just to get a Caesar salad and meet my sister for some drinks. It wasn't busy tonight so I was happy that I wouldn't have to wait or squeeze through the large crowds. By the time I got to the restaurant my sister had already ordered her meal. She got the shrimp and rice dish which I thought was very bland. The rice was cooked pretty well and the shrimp too but it just tasted like tomatoes nothing special. I ordered a Cesar side salad and my hubby got the Blondie dessert dish. Both were pretty good I finished all my salad and I had a small bite of his Blondie which taste like a vanilla brownie. It wasn't 9 o'clock yet so I didn't get a chance to take advantage of the discount appetizers and drinks specials but I still managed to order me a long island. It wasn't that strong which is what I prefer but it tasted a lot like lemonade as opposed to ice tea. I do like how they updated the place and I don't really have any bad things to say about it but it is just a typical run-of-the-mill chain restaurant. most of the food sometimes does taste like it came from a microwave package. I guess it's what you can expect from a chain place although there are some better Applebee's but this one just happened to be the closest to my house.	I prefer a house salad with Caesar dressing, instead I received a Caesar salad. Use a pen pad to remember orders please!!
vInhYl7i3v9UsYkmcm_ZUA	KBBXaD0FXDTpFuTuSJ6yHA	3	FgEFZcPJONLnwf4RJtA2iA	I stopped by here just to get a Caesar salad and meet my sister for some drinks. It wasn't busy tonight so I was happy that I wouldn't have to wait or squeeze through the large crowds. By the time I got to the restaurant my sister had already ordered her meal. She got the shrimp and rice dish which I thought was very bland. The rice was cooked pretty well and the shrimp too but it just tasted like tomatoes nothing special. I ordered a Cesar side salad and my hubby got the Blondie dessert dish. Both were pretty good I finished all my salad and I had a small bite of his Blondie which taste like a vanilla brownie. It wasn't 9 o'clock yet so I didn't get a chance to take advantage of the discount appetizers and drinks specials but I still managed to order me a long island. It wasn't that strong which is what I prefer but it tasted a lot like lemonade as opposed to ice tea. I do like how they updated the place and I don't really have any bad things to say about it but it is just a typical run-of-the-mill chain restaurant. most of the food sometimes does taste like it came from a microwave package. I guess it's what you can expect from a chain place although there are some better Applebee's but this one just happened to be the closest to my house.	I'm actually in monroeville not squirrel hill
j9F5ufFNGEsCUJKJ4B-_nA	RtfMjcGi5pQVCKQvRvMTQQ	5	Y1UkJTc5_YQSIQuGuZKIBw	Hands down best haircut in Scottsdale. I have been to many other barbershops in Scottsdale and been disappointed by the haircut I received, but Shaving Grace is a cut above the rest. I have had my haircut by several of the barbers who work here and have never left disappointed. Bottom line if you wanna look sharp head over to Shaving Grace.	No wait right now for the best haircut in town!
ItKPOR8MwxQKFyJ_whB5GQ	RtfMjcGi5pQVCKQvRvMTQQ	5	h1ZMFiNfHf55UghiO_XI_Q	Great service. Rueben is the dude. It was my first cut in Arizona and I won't be going anywhere else. Nothing but praise for this place.	Great service. Rueben is the dude.
YJLMa0DDZbRIGaoqWoXUcQ	RtfMjcGi5pQVCKQvRvMTQQ	5	OtG5kanFRAKU83ujHqX6VA	Best barber shop. Boris the owner is the man. Ask for Rubin and give him good tips. Just don't get offended by their banter. I've been to several barber shops in the valley. Let these guys take care of you.	Best barber shop. No need to say more.
2SzPLpnXn71nub5dexm7kg	RtfMjcGi5pQVCKQvRvMTQQ	5	hsQYQXg0OxeEMapkPx-kpA	Great haircut and prices can't be beat. Great shop and personalities! Awesome place.	Great prices and personalities
jjj-rTey-q2XN1oRNHpD7A	RtfMjcGi5pQVCKQvRvMTQQ	5	0a9NHEUQaBKiz-rkHGeFzQ	The short story is I've been going here for well over a year and it's been great. The longer version goes like this. During the one year I have been going here, I have had my hair cut by Boris, Ruben, and several others. The experience and staff interactions have been consistently professional and friendly always showing attention to detail and overall great service. I strongly recommend giving Shaving Grace a try.	Great establishment, very clean, with friendly staff.
gxQGClTo4EdqNke4yNrhWA	RtfMjcGi5pQVCKQvRvMTQQ	5	fYv1LYTtAt11uJsoOprQgw	Boris is a squashed turd. 5 stars all around. I could care less if Boris shoved a brush up my ass, this guy is the real deal and the atmosphere is unlike anything youve seen.	Boris is a jerk. 5 stars all around.
QVV5ztILcfa53tuV4X1A6Q	RtfMjcGi5pQVCKQvRvMTQQ	5	mW2Xh6ZXH-7Tn1sy_YBAlw	Best haircut in az. No more needs to be said. But yelp won't let me post unless it has more characters. Word. Word. More words. Word and word. Just go see Boris.	Best haircut in az. No more needs to be said.
cvHhnOiYjFEXxoh-5zMC_Q	RtfMjcGi5pQVCKQvRvMTQQ	5	XAi1GzQeK0J50mPSG6c_BA	I (and I'm willing to bet nearly everyone reading this) have been getting haircuts my entire life, and I've had bad ones, okay ones, and good ones. But the haircut I got at Shaving Grace was my first INCREDIBLE one. Every element of Shaving Grace Barbershop contributes to the great experience you'll have, starting with the atmosphere; when you walk in, it looks exactly like an old-school barbershop, with only 8-10 chairs, big mirrors framed in hardwood, and chairs with red leather seats - the only thing missing is the red and white striped pole! The employees were very friendly and there was a relaxed air, though they were still thoroughly professional. The haircut I got was, without exaggeration, the best I've ever had. Artie cut my hair and you could tell how skilled and practiced he was at his job - I was impressed by both his precision and his suggestions/execution. The haircut, hot towel, and a straight razor shave of my sideburns and the back or my neck was only $20, which I consider very reasonable. Be forewarned though: they only take cash! There's an ATM in the back of the shop that doesn't charge a fee. Overall, Shaving Grace Barbershop absolutely earned every one of its 5 stars. Any time I need a haircut and I'm in town, I'll be going there! I might consider flying back just for haircuts; that's how great this place is.	This place is incredible, but watch out: it's cash only! There's an ATM at the back of the shop that doesn't charge a fee for withdrawing money.
KncA5vGS9Ld4enX_N_WOzA	RtfMjcGi5pQVCKQvRvMTQQ	5	IkbcPqaSolBWb6LTnKKNcA	Boris and staff are fantastic! Quality haircuts for an awesome price. The staff at shaving grace truly get to know their clients, making it an easy and enjoyable experience. I've been returning to Shaving Grace Barber Shop every 5 weeks, and it's always job well done. They have a great vision for hair ideas and from time to time suggest ways to better your look. They are rapidly growing with new clientele so make sure you call ahead for an appointment.	Boris and staff are fantastic! Quality haircuts for an awesome price.
ca9tZUNqyJRiQzUQDxndaw	RtfMjcGi5pQVCKQvRvMTQQ	5	r-ZDh0FdDmpvatbNIkpseA	very nice ppl they have a great personality..best place in Scottsdale... This is one of the few places that actually cares about their customers highly recommend, I was extremely impressed with the level of customer service the first time I went in I immediately felt at home.	Terrible hair cut ....very nice ppl, but hair cut was terrible
eelCtWnz2Yi_w-bzqUGp5Q	RtfMjcGi5pQVCKQvRvMTQQ	5	TOB2W3X1MJkg31RvDBIxrQ	Boris and the crew are great ! Every barber is very talented and it is always very clean.	Boris and the crew are great !
TB1_GtoGc4JY_spl1MBTQA	RtfMjcGi5pQVCKQvRvMTQQ	5	ga6iU6zVmLuRLyWa4ctczA	BEST hair cut in Scottsdale! If you want a nice clean professional cut, this is the place. I highly recommend.	Best hair cut in Scottsdale!
YPC7MUvOMABQSuSK-djpkQ	RtfMjcGi5pQVCKQvRvMTQQ	5	_rF69yxVd3Podt0JXDwx0g	Your boy coming atcha once again getting a cut and cut. That's a cut from Boris the blade the we go get a cut of steak for dinner. That's that next level shit you wouldn't know about that. If you're a tool don't come here. Go get a cut by a person dressed liked a referee. If you're a G, pick up the phone and get your A game on at shaving grace.	Walk in. Sit down. Wait for your cut.
eWAUkO7oncJr9dMdA1GciQ	CUivTcULsu5MJIYYNVm1zw	3	dANVzDy5kheY_-eASYmRAA	Did i go to the wrong place? all the great reviews & then....meh!!!! The quality was decent, definitely not the best ive ever had...good, but for the price there are better spots in the valley. i appreciate that its a small female owned business & we may stop back by - but i definitely wasnt feeling the love like so many others.	Don't forget to bring a bottle! BYOB - no corkage fee!
_Toq8M58dmFS5BgsisFSFg	CUivTcULsu5MJIYYNVm1zw	5	QxV90noUvp2rRMoZxpWo-w	Love this place! Our Server, Robert made sure we got in and had a nice table for 5 - even though it was super crowded (not a surprise) we didn't have to wait that long. For future reference, it's better to eat a little later to cut that wait time. Food was amazing and can't wait to come back again soon! Great fresh sushi - and tempura that was done very well - not greasy at all! Good job Hana!	Perfect!! Will be back. Worth the wait!!! Robert is an amazing server. Thank you!
o6ydfJ7qx6pke_uyuJdvYA	CUivTcULsu5MJIYYNVm1zw	4	sYdvX4_C5xovg91faHLS9w	Had a large group goto Hana for the first time (on a Sunday night without a reservation) and we all enjoyed it! The waitstaff were quite nice and very accommodating, and the rolls were quite good and reasonably priced. The restaurant is BYOB which I rather like. The rolls were very good and the fish tasted very fresh. The tuna rolls are $8, California rolls around $7 and various specialty rolls for $11-$12. They will also make the rolls to your own spiciness liking. On the fun side, the rolls are served on a wooden boat with a flaming sugar cube! The place is small and i can see how it could be quite noisy in there if it is busy. They charge $1.50 fee per credit card if you want to pay with more then 1 card. Overall I enjoyed Hana and will most likely be returning!	They do not have a liquor license, but they are BYOB.
ctXFXk9-m6PCMoI-Nz2_XQ	CUivTcULsu5MJIYYNVm1zw	4	5Mh7J0UK4i3VnNllkeoy3g	Hana holds a special place in my heart as it was one of the first Japanese place I've eaten here in Arizona! I've been here multiple times for their sushi and yes, yes, yes hands down really good quality sushi/sashimi and they do BYOB- uhm what? Yes, come here. I decided to do something different for a change and try their ramen- I've been in all sorts of Asian food withdrawals so yeah, ramen it was. I ordered the Tonkotsu broth ramen and an order of Salmon Nigiri, because the quality of their fish here is on point. The waitress was nice enough to confirm and even offer me an egg of which I quickly agreed, until I questioned what kind - a chicken egg, she replies ... uhm not exactly what I was asking. She later responds, oh soft boiled! She was so cute! Hahaha. Soft boiled eggs are my weakness, FYI. The tonkotsu broth was milky, good chewy noodles and fairly large in portion, the charshu was thick but oh-so tender and the soft boiled egg was perfect. It comes with menma, scallions, wakame and naruto garnish the top which are good flavor accents to the bowl of ramen. The service here is good, love the dim and intimate atmosphere. Rick is always smiling and observant of his customers! I always feel welcomed and appreciated when coming here. The total bill for the ramen and two pieces of nigiri came out to be around $18-20 with tip, which is a bit pricey for just ramen. However, it's pretty good in comparison than other ramen I've had here in Phoenix and the quality of the food and service here is downright great.	Great fresh and quality fish for their sushi & sashimi and the staff is pleasant! Love the decor here too!
ctXFXk9-m6PCMoI-Nz2_XQ	CUivTcULsu5MJIYYNVm1zw	4	5Mh7J0UK4i3VnNllkeoy3g	Hana holds a special place in my heart as it was one of the first Japanese place I've eaten here in Arizona! I've been here multiple times for their sushi and yes, yes, yes hands down really good quality sushi/sashimi and they do BYOB- uhm what? Yes, come here. I decided to do something different for a change and try their ramen- I've been in all sorts of Asian food withdrawals so yeah, ramen it was. I ordered the Tonkotsu broth ramen and an order of Salmon Nigiri, because the quality of their fish here is on point. The waitress was nice enough to confirm and even offer me an egg of which I quickly agreed, until I questioned what kind - a chicken egg, she replies ... uhm not exactly what I was asking. She later responds, oh soft boiled! She was so cute! Hahaha. Soft boiled eggs are my weakness, FYI. The tonkotsu broth was milky, good chewy noodles and fairly large in portion, the charshu was thick but oh-so tender and the soft boiled egg was perfect. It comes with menma, scallions, wakame and naruto garnish the top which are good flavor accents to the bowl of ramen. The service here is good, love the dim and intimate atmosphere. Rick is always smiling and observant of his customers! I always feel welcomed and appreciated when coming here. The total bill for the ramen and two pieces of nigiri came out to be around $18-20 with tip, which is a bit pricey for just ramen. However, it's pretty good in comparison than other ramen I've had here in Phoenix and the quality of the food and service here is downright great.	They do a great soft boiled egg & thick, tender charshu in their ramen!
fQB5PgyZf9KUH-ESs4rf_Q	CUivTcULsu5MJIYYNVm1zw	4	XJHfAAwHXPu7AOXL_1323Q	Hana has got to be the place with the friendliest service around!! Everyone who works here from the servers to the cooks to the owner are super friendly and helpful, you can tell they truly enjoy what they do! Food is delicious, and I love that it's BYOB. They are also very accommodating with food allergies, it's one of the first things I was asked when I sat down. You're guaranteed to have fun when you eat here!	Friendliest service around!
9HFXxmPnSgoh6uh3_IL3Pw	CUivTcULsu5MJIYYNVm1zw	5	7xCGR04MZAyC1JT8O7kCPQ	Excellent sushi and sashimi - as good as anything I had in Japan. Very fresh, premium food, presented elegantly = authentic Japanese experience. The place is a bit small, just a line of tables along the wall, plus a low bar to sit at. So you might wait a few minutes for a table, but its very worth it. Just so everyone is clear about BYOB - we were a little nervous to walk in with a bag of wine bottles, but its completely OK. They will provide wine glasses for you, and a corkscrew if you need it. They will let you bring wine, beer, sake, basically anything isn't distilled liquor. So don't bring in vodka and mixers. If you order enough sushi, they will put it on a wood "boat". Also, some entrees and rolls come out with a flaming sugar cube - a nice, fun touch. We'll be back many, many times.	Be sure to check the specials boards above the kitchen!
XjmqBOYXYdPOXO6xBAza9g	CUivTcULsu5MJIYYNVm1zw	5	JyUo62TS8PQRgp8kzwbaDg	Awesome awesome fish, ridiculously prompt service, friendly & chatty servers and chefs! Visited Hana while in town on a business trip. I eat lots of sushi... And I have to say I was impressed. Hana delivers as good as any major metropolitan sushi joint... And then some! Sat at the bar by myself and ordered a pile of nigiri. The toro and sake were amazing, as was the yellowtail. Do not miss the unagi...it was off the hook/chain! I love the 1 and 2 star reviews on this place... Sorry you didn't get lemon wedges...Sorry you don't like paying for extraordinary and extraordinarily fresh fish. This place is awesome - will definitely be visiting again when I'm back in town. I'll be dreaming of that toro until then...	1. It's byo... No liquor, just beer, wine, sake. 2. Have the fresh wasabi. 3. Eat you some unagi!
OyLtK_Q2I4Jw0rtfFnLfhg	CUivTcULsu5MJIYYNVm1zw	3	9RrlbJh5WytsP10s7kIY0A	Ordered the omakase ($40) and a bowl of ramen ($10). Omakase was nothing spectacular and the ramen was bland. I don't see the hype behind this place. Very disappointed considering I live just down the street.	Disappointing omakase (except ankimo, scallop & uni) and yakibuta ramen. Good service
43dDYtFA9Xv37yIWcQMTQg	7T-BCk8K3WeubbKViARxrA	5	RcOjl2TDJGOAdNhnsWS9sw	Excellent place to get your hair done for men, women and children. The staff are very friendly and professional. They offer the latest hair trends but also can make your visit stress free by showing you magazines. Specially helpful is their up to date Korean magazine selection so you can request your K-pop star hair do :P The staff are very skilled and can speak several languages accommodating to their multicultural clientele (at my last appointment, they could speak English, Korean and Japanese) I like this place because it is not pretentious and provides good quality service at great value. But most importantly they don't try to rip you off. The lady seating next to me was asking for several costly procedures but the owner recommended against them saying her hair was too damaged to benefit from the procedure and to consider it for next time! It is in a large plaza so there is plenty of parking. The waiting area is very comfy and they have very industrial looking air purifiers like in hospitals so there is no unpleasant chemical smells. And if you are lucky and get there when they have snacks they share their snacks for free! Two things though: - make an appointment before going. They are very busy and most likely will turn you around if you just drop in - do not accept credit cards	This place is busy and popular. Make sure you make an appointment. Note that there is another unaffiliated hair art on the other side of town so make sure you confirm your appointment is in Mississauga.
agXJ2q1yxRupMSBCT-FFXA	FC2wDc27USi6cx2GCGYaXQ	3	HsTE69Chirs7QUpn1Cu5nA	First, I love places that do small plates. It's so hard to finish portions at a restaurant now. The beer and wine selection here fits with the name. Don't worry, they have fun drinks here as well! I had the sangria which was pretty good but had a little too much orange juice in it. Still delightful though. I had the lunch combo with the lobster bisque and the grilled cheese. The bisque was quite good. Very creamy with a hearty helping of seafoody goodness. The grilled cheese on the other hand was pretty boring. Just some bread and kraft singles like I would have made at home for my niece and nephew. I was hoping for a little more pizazz...maybe bacon or fancy cheese? Dipping the sandwich into the soup saved the day though. Overall I loved the vibe and most of my order. I would definitely try this place out again!	The sangria is very good.
oaaEXgQ3x51cXE3GTXrT1Q	pYMvH35_h47NnNTqjav56A	5	4kngZbk1vw_0D4brgm2YGQ	I'm going to keep this brief... Taste of Greek is fantastic. The french fries are some of the best I've ever had. I'm not even a fan of thicker fries normally, but these were crazy good. Hot and crispy. I had a gyro as well - the meat was cut right in front of me and was cut into really thin strips - almost like a Philly Cheesesteak. I'm a fan of this style. Their tzatziki sauce is delicious and fresh. The pita was also fresh and soft... the entire thing was the size of my head and while I managed to scarf it all down, I was too full to finish every french fry (but not for a lack of trying). This place is really clean, and everything is cooked and prepared out in the open. It's fast-casual style, but they weren't super busy when I went and they were bringing food out to the tables which was nice. Most of the tables could only seat two people which makes this perfect for a quick lunch with a co-worker or by yourself. They have a few tables that seat more, but it's not a huge restaurant. The staff is friendly and helpful. This is a family owned Valley business - they are apparently related to a few other places around town (not all the same name, but the ones I've eaten at were also very good). The only thing this place is missing is delivery. If these restaurants would deliver, they would be unstoppable. Oh, and there needs to be one really close to my house. I'm definitely going to be back.	The fries are bananas! (not literally - they are actually fried potatoes).
eIZvlCq8z7lrFpwI3yTUFg	pYMvH35_h47NnNTqjav56A	4	mjE6e38TGSQeMD-KwuFkaQ	HUGE servings and AMAZING FRIES... One order of the gyro combo is enough for my husband and me to split for dinner. We love this place (it's a 3 min drive from our place).	Best French fries e-v-e-r!!! Their gyros are so big you can share a combo with a friend. Awesome find!
O7FhbjDgA2TmvAo7ZZDPuQ	pYMvH35_h47NnNTqjav56A	5	P3kVnESY7uUyJTgWlBVjsw	Friendly staff. Make sure you order the gyro plate and souvlaki plate. Yum!	Once a week, we order their gyro plate & souvlaki plate.
msbNF-OYhHH6FJ_oQy1-cA	pYMvH35_h47NnNTqjav56A	4	7Cvzv8xvMCPxd1HkmzQAzA	Place is under new ownership, Gyro Express. Am sad to see the old owner go, he was really nice and I wish him the best!	Place is now changed to Gyro Express. Similar menu, more choices. Under new ownership.
msbNF-OYhHH6FJ_oQy1-cA	pYMvH35_h47NnNTqjav56A	4	7Cvzv8xvMCPxd1HkmzQAzA	Place is under new ownership, Gyro Express. Am sad to see the old owner go, he was really nice and I wish him the best!	This business is now closed & a new Greek food is in place. Gyro Express.
O1KihEv8VfQspeiRvxAKBQ	a11zyJN_ue0CQ_bjoeke-w	5	-zIFR8NuEUuHtc5Q7Or22w	This was the 1st year I didnt spend Thanksgiving at my aunts home. Retired, my aunt didnt feel like spending all day cooking. I decided to try Pasta Brioni. It was amazing! The food delicious and our server "Stony" was great. Thanks for making our evening such an awesome delight!	Awesome food! Server "Stony" was great! Thanks for a great Thanksgiving!
stXJENgmrOiJjpDwfUl4ug	a11zyJN_ue0CQ_bjoeke-w	5	k7sIbAuXiR_dUi0GB5owpA	This is a great place! I've become a regular. Happy hour is amazing, the portions are full size! You can't go wrong with anything on the menu, but my favs are fried ravioli, penne vodka, caprese salad, and eggplant dish. Give it a shot especially if you love Italian food!	Penne vodka is amazeballs
wdKsihgjhMN8jb4xyjQE6w	a11zyJN_ue0CQ_bjoeke-w	5	Tb0WMWCYBG-F2I0B_6JAVA	Outstanding service! I simply do not understand why this place isn't packed all the time. The food is delicious and the service is superb! We eat out often and good Italian food is hard to find in Scottsdale but this is certainly the best.	Outstanding service! Food was fantastic!!
pVvU7TPekE9s5b2D1oQRWA	a11zyJN_ue0CQ_bjoeke-w	5	XtBekMjQ3GtUUBB3Y2-how	We arrived in Scottsdale after a long drive from Santa Fe. We were hungry! Sadly we forgot about the time change and showed up for dinner early! It was not a problem, despite the fact the chef was doing prep (loudly) in the kitchen we were welcomed and given a table. I know they weren't ready for prime time but they didn't bat an eye. We ordered and food arrived. The food was delicious. I had the salmon on a bed of spinach with capers and risotto. It was garlicky delicious! Hubby had the same thing he always orders, Chicken Parmesan. It disappeared. We were full but the waiter suggested some "home made dessert." We chuckled and asked who's home? He said the Chefs wife does the desserts, then named off the offerings. We had to have (shared mine you) the cheesecake. It was a perfect finish to our meal. Thank you all for making our first meal in Scottsdale a memorable one! Now if someone would just turn down the furnace....Phoenix in July? Oh my!	They are very accommodating. We arrived before opening and we seated and waited on.
-x8cmjyJoeBQhC9XySyUzQ	PcW5yjx4rvc_vBrUc_fBSA	5	3GQ9EcmDSKZ0nwcqx4MzNQ	Cool hotel near Penn Ave in East Liberty. I attended an event here, Yelp's Makers and and just loved the layout. I am such a fan of great lighting, and when you walk in, it's pretty well lit. It reminds me of a hotel in Paris, but in Pittsburgh. Who doesn't want to walk in a place and imagine you are in a different country? They have a restaurant on the lower level that I was able to try out, the Wallace Tap Room. It was good and inexpensive. They have valet parking, but I chose to park on the street. It was an event after 6, so you should be able to find a parking space on the street then. If you want to host a nice event on the east side of the city, they have ample space and rooms. Be sure to go and check it out.	Park on the street after 6! It's free!
PKEzKWv_FktMm2mGPjwd0Q	fGt3udZE8r9JkbfMZnawXg	4	fjhAUy5bqw5gOY2A6qaEZQ	We went last night to see Ain't Misbehavin'. The show was very well performed by a cast of 5. The band and piano player were superb also. I'm looking forward to seeing Damn Yankees next month. It was a pleasant moonlit evening. This is what makes Super Summer Theatre special. I always enjoy their productions.	Joseph and His Amazing Technicolor Dream Coat
YRcaNlwQ6XXPFDXWtuMGdA	gtcsOodbmk4E0TulYHnlHA	3	n-p2f7PjCMT-23nvPzWL4w	After seeing this place pop up on Yelp and being featured in a newsletter/blog that I follow I decided to give these guys a try. They're only a 10 minute walk from my house so I thought this would be a great opportunity to find a new brunch spot close to home. I popped in Saturday morning with my girlfriend only to find out that they're doing brunch on Sundays only at the moment. No matter, I grabbed a tea to go, of which I had 4 choices of loose leaf varieties to choose from. The woman working was very friendly and explained how they're taking things one step at a time and slowly introducing more and more. Right now this is a great place to hang out during the day to grab a hot beverage and chit-chat with a friend or come in the evening for a cocktail or two. No open Wifi networks popped up during my visit so this may not be the place at the moment to hang out if you're trying to get work done/being a laptop hobo.	Brunch only on Sunday's at the moment.
Nr2uHirba5WNcG0vOXoVDA	gtcsOodbmk4E0TulYHnlHA	4	c0HWG3lezS1hQBDvfk3_lg	The newest hipster cafe/bar/saloon to hit Bloorcourt and the first really big makeover on this block in recent years, Northwood is brand new, opening its doors yesterday. The atmosphere was really enjoyable and relaxed but then again, there was only a trickle of customers coming in and discovering the place. If you ever entered Regal Gardens, the Chinese restaurant that pre-dated Northwood, the interior is not even recognizable in a wonderful way. They did a complete gut. The east wall is now exposed brick, a long bar on the west side featuring an eclectic cage holding all the liquor, a chalk board menu of preferred uppers and downers and a mish mash of old schoolhouse chairs, wicker bar stools, wooden benches and sturdy retro pub chairs. It's got that nostalgic dive bar feel without the actual griminess or smell, maybe because it's only seen one night of patrons so far but I appreciate this. It's clear a lot of thought went into the place and the furnishings, which is really refreshing. The staff are friendly, the coffee is good, the selection of sweeteners includes coconut sugar and maple sugar. I even had an enjoyable vegan cookie. Menu and brunch to come. I was promised vegan options which is enough to win my return patronage and if it's good, make me a regular. I did not check out the liquor but hopefully they have a nice selection of local and craft beers, as places like this are inclined to. The only drawback I saw was the extra .50c for soy-based drinks. Down with the soy tax!	Opened yesterday. Food and brunch menu coming soon. Vegan cookies available. Soy is an extra .50c. Bummer.
ORT1OLVBRSbmLXN_B6zd4Q	gtcsOodbmk4E0TulYHnlHA	4	aH1cGs5GEwkUK7LxTxlWfg	Just go to Northwood, it speaks for itself. I have been here a number of times, and the first time was a spontaneous choice as my boyfriend had just heard that a bar opened up around the corner from our apartments. So I went, and we brought along his out of town friends as well. The atmosphere is fantastic, not exactly a sea storm of young and beautiful and young and restless youths doll'd up to indulge in the consumption of sweet sweet liquid luck that will hopefully lead them to sweet sweet bedroom luck. Not that you cannot achieve that, I mean, their beer menu has the most amazing selection ranging from local blends, to Deu du Ciel, Cheval Blanc, and Beau's (a personal preference)! And the cocktail artist makes fantastic gin creations, also their bourbon is...well...as good as bourbon can excel to be. And the music is soulful! But what I am trying to get at is that in Northwood, there is a crowd that will appreciate your chiller conversational mood, and will happily adapt to your fluctuating happy intoxicated and comically conversational mood as you keep ordering lovely rounds of lovely things! Sometimes they will have an amazing chef in the house, he will cook up the most amazing pop up menu for dinner, or tiny bites, or just midnight snacks that go really well with the fantastic musical accompaniment that they will provide on certain wonderful evenings. If there isn't a DJ spinning very soulful jazz and funk vinyls to ignite your conversational moods, then there will be a DJ spinning really earthy shoe gaze rock and roll beats as they dim the lights so your refreshing moods are the only things that light up the atmosphere at night. Once, Brandan Canning was there spinning, along with a chef, but I could not go. Like their facebook page because they will update you on sweet events, and specialty beers being added! Also, a perk, they are open daily from 10am to 2am! So what are you supposed to do at Northwood at 10am? Well, the cafe atmosphere there is amazing, I go there for conversation dates, reading, and sometimes get a nook in the corner with a tab growing with Americano orders and just do my homework all day. The barista there is a fantastic person! The coffee creations are amazing, the music is delightful, the crowd is a wonderful mixture of the most interesting and exciting and sometimes the most calming people you may want to start a conversation with, or merely just exchange a smile and a laugh with or ask for the time. I love it here. It's exactly what the growing suburban and urban members of the Chirstie Pits neighbourhood needed to come together and be happy.	Just go to northwood, it speaks for itself.
EPrjJQP35muVElDb18Fddg	gtcsOodbmk4E0TulYHnlHA	5	jw7ut86-zJgHaoXCywb2Ng	This place is a great addition to the neighborhood, which used to be a bit meh. Northwood is definitely not meh. The atmosphere is conducive to productive work during the day and the Cold Brew is really choice. Five stars to Brian who handled some really delicate customers last time I was in! Northwood has delicious & amazing cocktails. I highly recommend the Lady Grey cocktail--complete with cracked black pepper. Also Beau's Lug Tread on tap make it an even better local watering hole. Go here, it's just what you needed.	Local hang: great on weekends
dfgPj43FVRnKIfxjLclqTQ	gtcsOodbmk4E0TulYHnlHA	5	MeNUZTZoP7bEVv6JnyAPDQ	Very nice coffee place. Great oatmeal raisin cookies	Very nice coffee place. Great oatmeal raisin cookies
GvIJqIr7GcbGUUxxrgXg2A	gtcsOodbmk4E0TulYHnlHA	5	nFJqRsjmEbvH882BnK7tGQ	So happy to have a new coffee shop in this area!! Especially since some around here are not as good... I love the atmosphere and the server was so friendly and helpful. I got a brownie with caramel and salt it was sooo good and the tea they serve is from tealish so it was also tasty. I love that it's a coffee shop and a bar and stays open until 2am!! I mean really what more could you ask for. It really has it all. The only issue I would say is that some of the chairs don't have backs to them which can be annoying if you go to do work. They do have some chairs with backs but just be aware!	Tea time, beer time, anytime!!
06TjiB7kFn_XnlhxkiEKwQ	gtcsOodbmk4E0TulYHnlHA	5	GnEFSGGII_gktoYChsAepw	I love sitting here in the afternoon to work. The interior is so nice, the coffee is good and it's possibly my favourite local chill out place. Admittedly I haven't been here in the evening for drinks yet but the cocktail menu looks smashing. One year later... I love this place even more.	The side patio is very popular for this neighborhood.
Q9mA60HnY87C1TW5kjAZ6Q	gtcsOodbmk4E0TulYHnlHA	5	UGSlhuSPNnyq4MZPsXjwlg	So my last update was a little off. They have stopped with the oysters, and the patio isn't in full swing, but... They have done some pop-up menus with varying chefs, but it looks like they've got some keepers for supper hour and they aren't messing around. Get some of their delish delights (think: tortiere, pea soup with biscuits and braised beef poutine) to go with your craft cocktails and reasonably priced wine and beer. Mmm K?	Ask about their secret cheap pints. Shh.
Q9mA60HnY87C1TW5kjAZ6Q	gtcsOodbmk4E0TulYHnlHA	5	UGSlhuSPNnyq4MZPsXjwlg	So my last update was a little off. They have stopped with the oysters, and the patio isn't in full swing, but... They have done some pop-up menus with varying chefs, but it looks like they've got some keepers for supper hour and they aren't messing around. Get some of their delish delights (think: tortiere, pea soup with biscuits and braised beef poutine) to go with your craft cocktails and reasonably priced wine and beer. Mmm K?	Corpse reviver? Tasty. But Lilet is a stupid name.
Q9mA60HnY87C1TW5kjAZ6Q	gtcsOodbmk4E0TulYHnlHA	5	UGSlhuSPNnyq4MZPsXjwlg	So my last update was a little off. They have stopped with the oysters, and the patio isn't in full swing, but... They have done some pop-up menus with varying chefs, but it looks like they've got some keepers for supper hour and they aren't messing around. Get some of their delish delights (think: tortiere, pea soup with biscuits and braised beef poutine) to go with your craft cocktails and reasonably priced wine and beer. Mmm K?	From 5:30 until 7:30 today (nov 26) there are cocktails and shopping! Come thru!
Q9mA60HnY87C1TW5kjAZ6Q	gtcsOodbmk4E0TulYHnlHA	5	UGSlhuSPNnyq4MZPsXjwlg	So my last update was a little off. They have stopped with the oysters, and the patio isn't in full swing, but... They have done some pop-up menus with varying chefs, but it looks like they've got some keepers for supper hour and they aren't messing around. Get some of their delish delights (think: tortiere, pea soup with biscuits and braised beef poutine) to go with your craft cocktails and reasonably priced wine and beer. Mmm K?	Nuts are too sweet. But this place is still the tops.
lAC4tC1Qe-pGqXbLHsAbQQ	gtcsOodbmk4E0TulYHnlHA	4	huVcynHLYYXvxXVOnxM9yA	Fun and creative drink selection, including retro-style drinks. Lady Grey cocktail was very good. Nice ambiance!	Fun and retro-style drink selection!
QwOSC30OYmjUCpczgEInAw	CUivTcULsu5MJIYYNVm1zw	2	lgBxVF5pildWB1sIglUpgQ	The stars are for service only as the manager and owner was extremely accommodating and did not charge us for the food we could not eat.. So that's the good part but you must be wondering Hope why would you go to a restaurant to not eat food?! Crazy I know, but the food was just that awful we could not force it down ! I ordered a few rolls and asked for cream cheese to be added because I like the creamy taste mixed with flavorful fish .. Keyword is flavorful . This tasted like eating a stick of cream cheese wrapped in rice, nothing else had Any flavor !! When I explained to the manager she tried to say well you added cream cheese and now you're complaining it tastes like cream cheese , fair point if there was nothing else in the roll, however a tiny amount of it should not completely over power everything else, don't blame the poor cream cheese dude, blame your lousy quality tasteless fish! We tried sashimi too and it literally had no taste on its own. The pork Gyoza was the only thing that tasted normal .. Speaking of which we asked for spicy mayo and if you have had sushi anywhere you know it's pretty thin and spicy. This was just regular thick globby mayo with probably food coloring as it was not spicy at all! Also their drinks were Flat and when I pointed it out I was told that's not possible it was just changed today ! Seriously you guys with broken taste buds stop leading us astray! Sushi station which is a revolving sushi bar tastes like 20x better than here, we went there after we left here since we only had a few bites each and were still hungry !	Completely tasteless and bland!! Don't let the reviews fool you unless you share their broken taste buds
l9EIpX62BniITA0TddQpWg	CUivTcULsu5MJIYYNVm1zw	5	_KLtQItDOLEts_mMp-cnxQ	Hana's got the best spicy tuna roll! The quality is super fresh and I can't go anywhere else. It just doesn't taste the same.	Best sushi in town. No other place beats their fresh spicy tuna roll.
lOBObjsCtw_eiyN7T_B75w	CUivTcULsu5MJIYYNVm1zw	5	mEoM4WvTWCtAy5DEO24TKg	pssst. hey. don't go here. I want it all to myself.	They put our champagne on ice. The tuna, salmon, yellowtail, and toro were the most incredible quality. Obsessed.
e_z74Sm9I4ts-Y96cqc-ew	CUivTcULsu5MJIYYNVm1zw	5	WnIK85qU6dv87-Ryvq0Huw	This place is crazy!!! You can bring your own beer or wine. Love it. plus the sushi is awesome and I mean awesome. lol	This place is soo soo soo good. Plus byob is awesome
wgQDQaDOwcT_DHGcQb6VAg	n8KZA9G4FvGqDBWIscpz9Q	4	vfnKc1x-d4mDAlbHKigYFA	The food here is pretty good and pretty cheaply priced for any type of Chinese food. I went here a few weeks ago on a date and loved the atmosphere, it was nice and quiet and wasn't insanely bright outside so it was a nice change from out doors. The only issue i had was that i waited like 15 minutes to pay for my food because the lady at the register was messing with the toothpick dispenser.	Food was alright and staff was really sweet.
5xP8rQBsZ-RQWXLtMoILLw	n8KZA9G4FvGqDBWIscpz9Q	5	nFczpfDNr9wQ4X-YQNLWSQ	I recommend the Cantonese Noodles these are ala Monterey Park, Ca. True authentic Chinese cuisine	My new favorite spot...it's the real deal
fw77NvoY5DNTXdpuSf862A	sw6RqHNQXxHX_zhE161A6w	1	FAaGUwFGObciR5Hi2EDN_g	Brief yet terrible experience...I considered moving here because I know someone that lives there and has been advocating for them for months. I'll keep it simple, if you're going to live here...stay away from pattie. Although I am grateful for her incompetence(since I love where I live now) I just want to save you the stress. I heard great things about Karen, who I unfortunately didn't get to work with but let's just say it's been over a month since I applied and I had to do the following up. First she claimed she didn't update me because I was out of town for work, then when I responded to her email asking what the next step was she ignored me from there on our..however I responded to an ad an hour later and she emailed RIGHT back(she didn't know it was me of course) Considering the fact that I had a similar experience upon move in at my last place of residence I knew that was a red flag so I gladly took my business elsewhere. I knew she was in the wrong industry from the first day I toured Loft 5 but I wanted to give her a fair chance because the property was the closest to what I had at that time but I am glad I followed my instincts.	Waste of an absolute time and that jerk of a mediator they have responding to reviews needs to take a training class on accountability.
t-AQoW-JkCwpUyBq6WBUag	lCd20nDS9rFHW_2KViqWUA	4	MCenUK2-jsTEPujvWwBDcw	Slow service but the food is great so prepare yourself with patience. Love the ceviches and papas rellena. Beef hearts are great.	Slow service but the food is great. Love the ceviches and papas rellena.
yuNMJx7vpBb4H3QV2K9rwQ	lCd20nDS9rFHW_2KViqWUA	5	Fz9Qg4FnKYjEn4MgdqvX9A	Hole in the wall exterior. Parking lot is super small. Don't let that discourage though!! The food is worth it! Our First time here we found the quality of the food rivals Peruvian restaurants in Sonoma and New York. The recipes are spot on. Even the seafood was great. Will definitely be back again and again. No lunch menu so be prepared to share or go home with leftovers.	First time here. Rivals Peruvian restaurants in Sonoma and New York. Will definitely be back again and again.
F1iqe4P-wgJ2zBHgZqtXUA	lCd20nDS9rFHW_2KViqWUA	4	E89aSz4DoWYTrlJ5_9-0Bw	In AZ and not sure what to eat? want something flavorful and definitely worth every penny? El Chullo is your spot! go here and you totally won't regret it one bit!!!! ordered: *Lomo Saltado-YUM! flavorful. one of their most popular items at el chullo. i definitely didn't want to stop eating this! everything was very well seasoned and the beef strips were cooked perfectly. the tomatoes were very flavorful as well! *arroz con pollo- this was recommended to me by the staff. which i thought was pretty good. the rice was flavorful and the sauce that came with it was very unique. for my first time having arroz con pollo i was definitely left with a good impression and would definitely try to order this at other peruvian places. overall, staff is really nice. the bittersweet part about coming here is you're hungry you gotta wait quite awhile for your food because they make it fresh. it's like i like the idea of it being made fresh but the wait is long for the food. also they don't have the spicy dipping sauce i've had at other Peruvian food places that you eat with bread. they however give you these unpopped popcorn kernel thing that is lightly salted. personally i didn't care for it. tips: *small front of store parking lot. *cash and credit cards accepted *they post a lot of their food on instagram *serves alcohol. *they have a few TVs. *indoor seating only. *not super ideal for large parties since it's a small little mom and pops place.	Lomo Saltado is bomb!! Food takes forever to come out but that's because it's made to order. Small parking lot.
fr0Nen1J499HvNml3_6OYA	lCd20nDS9rFHW_2KViqWUA	5	pVyY6tPJbcMgPcAjN-PD3g	First tip-Parking lot in the back through an alley. Easier than the front. My friend and I came here to check it out and overall, we loved it. We came on a Saturday for lunch and it wasn't crowded so we got one on one personal treatment with the chef so we learned a lot. Not to sound like a broken record but the ceviche is soooo good. I love the flavors. The ceviche is just the fish marinated and the ceviche mixto is fish, squid, mussels, and clams. I think the ceviche of just fish is the better of the two. It just holds the flavor better. And when they ask you how spicy, they actually mean it. The medium is pretty decently spicy. So impressive since it's hard to actually get something to be spicy here in Phoenix. I can only imagine how spicy hot is. Been here three times and I still crave it. Ok, on to other things I've tried several things and so far only one thing wasn't all that great but everything else has been. The causa rellena with imitation crab would be the one thing i say to avoid. My friend and I didnt think it was all that great esp. The arroz con pollo was yummy. The carapulcra is a pork stew and is like a comfort food. If you like spicy, make sure to ask for the aji rocoto - Peruvian hot sauce/salsa. So yummy. It adds a good spice to the mild dishes. Good lomo saltado according to bf. I do like that the fries are crispy and skinny. The kicker is that if you go now, they finally have air conditioning!!! It was getting to be a bit difficult going during the summer so I can only imagine how the workers felt. Warning though, if you are from California and used to Peruvian food there, they don't carry the green aji sauce that we know and love. Apparently that's only a CA creation since we're so used to jalapeños. This is a must place. From the wait staff to the food, everything is too notch.	Get a side of the aji de rocoto (Peruvian hot sauce) if you like it spicy!
fr0Nen1J499HvNml3_6OYA	lCd20nDS9rFHW_2KViqWUA	5	pVyY6tPJbcMgPcAjN-PD3g	First tip-Parking lot in the back through an alley. Easier than the front. My friend and I came here to check it out and overall, we loved it. We came on a Saturday for lunch and it wasn't crowded so we got one on one personal treatment with the chef so we learned a lot. Not to sound like a broken record but the ceviche is soooo good. I love the flavors. The ceviche is just the fish marinated and the ceviche mixto is fish, squid, mussels, and clams. I think the ceviche of just fish is the better of the two. It just holds the flavor better. And when they ask you how spicy, they actually mean it. The medium is pretty decently spicy. So impressive since it's hard to actually get something to be spicy here in Phoenix. I can only imagine how spicy hot is. Been here three times and I still crave it. Ok, on to other things I've tried several things and so far only one thing wasn't all that great but everything else has been. The causa rellena with imitation crab would be the one thing i say to avoid. My friend and I didnt think it was all that great esp. The arroz con pollo was yummy. The carapulcra is a pork stew and is like a comfort food. If you like spicy, make sure to ask for the aji rocoto - Peruvian hot sauce/salsa. So yummy. It adds a good spice to the mild dishes. Good lomo saltado according to bf. I do like that the fries are crispy and skinny. The kicker is that if you go now, they finally have air conditioning!!! It was getting to be a bit difficult going during the summer so I can only imagine how the workers felt. Warning though, if you are from California and used to Peruvian food there, they don't carry the green aji sauce that we know and love. Apparently that's only a CA creation since we're so used to jalapeños. This is a must place. From the wait staff to the food, everything is too notch.	Small parking lot in the back. Enter through the alley.
a5LzjPrEL-Sj5BfHr8xxRQ	lCd20nDS9rFHW_2KViqWUA	5	om3ELrbyFIo_AcPf2oNWUA	Hidden gem. It has some minor work to do but it earned the five starts. Service was excellent, half the food from our big group came out fast, the other half not so fast, but it was still worth the wait. Appetizers were fast and held us through. Very authentic Peruvian food. I had the Chaufa, its Chinese/Peruvian food and excellent! I can't say enough about the Pisco Sour. The best I've ever had including in Peru!!! Well return for more. Cheat day restaurant for my family.	I'd come here just for just for the best Pisco Sour I've ever had!
hT91OlT-rcPG-T8aRodiuA	lCd20nDS9rFHW_2KViqWUA	5	KeBYwl9hWUI89oWJK9Bw1w	We went during their breakfast menu hours (10-12). Their menu consisted of sharable dishes for 2. They were able to flex and cater to my girlfriend's dietary restrictions, and the food still came out very delicious and perfectly seasoned. Would definitely recommend for a breakfast date.	Place only has lunch menu items after 12.
JL2Q9gG9ki7qy8M8Er6-EA	lCd20nDS9rFHW_2KViqWUA	3	Pf68ODT2bry5g2pupDTM6g	Food was okay...little too salty and it takes a long time to get order. For the cost I was expecting more.	Food was okay...little too salty and it takes a long time to get order.
R56NOP898W9SpvPOMlltNQ	CUivTcULsu5MJIYYNVm1zw	5	BSszDPhilRplRVp7iQCSzQ	Best sushi I've had in a LONG time! Reasonable prices, friendly staff, and good atmosphere.	Yelp maps are wrong it's on 7th ave not 7th st.
Fajy53UySjY-HHshL5-Low	CUivTcULsu5MJIYYNVm1zw	5	5aGx-D-pRcayqUWxcC7X4A	Fish is very fresh and quality of sushi is just amazing! I love salmon sashimi and sushi. Also Alaska roll is good.	Fish is very fresh and quality of sushi is just amazing!
TYCkjEHPSJSnFb6m6GDluw	CUivTcULsu5MJIYYNVm1zw	5	FAyE91YAbvT097W0WgTc9A	SETS THE STANDARD FOR JAPANESE FOOD OUTSIDE JAPAN. _DON'T_ MISS IT. It's been a long time since my initial review of Hana. In fact it was one of my very first on Yelp. I opined on my five-points requirement to get on my sushi-worth-eating list, and those first visits did not fail to impress. I spoke about my personal scale of very good, excellent and life changing sushi. Indeed, Hana is always excellent, and i may say _usually_ life changing. Over the months Lori, Koji and family have shown me the the secrets of Japanese cuisine and the delight of specially-ordered ingredients, like: -- real Japanese Kobe beef. -- live ama ebi -- live scallops -- live giant clam -- daikon delight -- zaruten soba -- miso ramen -- monkfish pate (ankimo) -- oysters on the half shell -- bento box delight -- hamachi kama -- natto maki -- hawaiian walu sashimi -- shima mackerel -- wild salmon And that's just the specials. Hana SETS THE STANDARD for quality, every time in its -- Toro sashimi -- Fresh Salmon -- Maguro so red, i've heard it called beet red. -- Ika -- Tamago -- Seaweed Salad -- miso soup And if you're feeling adventurous, many Americanized-craziness dishes abound for your culinary quest: -- Mt. Fuji roll -- Volcano roll -- Pride roll -- Lobster roll -- Hana roll SERVICE has matured into an approachable and almost joyous pride to be able to share their food with their customers. Restauranting can be such a gritty grind, but Koji, Lori and the team present their carefully chosen ingredients with love and passion every day. Besides the excellent food, it is that passion which brings me back night after night, week after week. I can see that despite my instructions against it, you all HAVE told your friends about Hana. Please stop spreading the news! There just isn't enough room for us all. LOL. Enjoy. P.S. Check out their website for social-network specials on Facebook and Foursquare. By the way, don't bother trying to oust me as Foursquare Mayor; it's a lost cause!	Asparagus wrapped in pork belly, tempura, garnished and sauced okonomiyaki style. Wow. Do you deserve it?!
TYCkjEHPSJSnFb6m6GDluw	CUivTcULsu5MJIYYNVm1zw	5	FAyE91YAbvT097W0WgTc9A	SETS THE STANDARD FOR JAPANESE FOOD OUTSIDE JAPAN. _DON'T_ MISS IT. It's been a long time since my initial review of Hana. In fact it was one of my very first on Yelp. I opined on my five-points requirement to get on my sushi-worth-eating list, and those first visits did not fail to impress. I spoke about my personal scale of very good, excellent and life changing sushi. Indeed, Hana is always excellent, and i may say _usually_ life changing. Over the months Lori, Koji and family have shown me the the secrets of Japanese cuisine and the delight of specially-ordered ingredients, like: -- real Japanese Kobe beef. -- live ama ebi -- live scallops -- live giant clam -- daikon delight -- zaruten soba -- miso ramen -- monkfish pate (ankimo) -- oysters on the half shell -- bento box delight -- hamachi kama -- natto maki -- hawaiian walu sashimi -- shima mackerel -- wild salmon And that's just the specials. Hana SETS THE STANDARD for quality, every time in its -- Toro sashimi -- Fresh Salmon -- Maguro so red, i've heard it called beet red. -- Ika -- Tamago -- Seaweed Salad -- miso soup And if you're feeling adventurous, many Americanized-craziness dishes abound for your culinary quest: -- Mt. Fuji roll -- Volcano roll -- Pride roll -- Lobster roll -- Hana roll SERVICE has matured into an approachable and almost joyous pride to be able to share their food with their customers. Restauranting can be such a gritty grind, but Koji, Lori and the team present their carefully chosen ingredients with love and passion every day. Besides the excellent food, it is that passion which brings me back night after night, week after week. I can see that despite my instructions against it, you all HAVE told your friends about Hana. Please stop spreading the news! There just isn't enough room for us all. LOL. Enjoy. P.S. Check out their website for social-network specials on Facebook and Foursquare. By the way, don't bother trying to oust me as Foursquare Mayor; it's a lost cause!	Hana Benito box is by far the best value and top quality fish in PHX.
TYCkjEHPSJSnFb6m6GDluw	CUivTcULsu5MJIYYNVm1zw	5	FAyE91YAbvT097W0WgTc9A	SETS THE STANDARD FOR JAPANESE FOOD OUTSIDE JAPAN. _DON'T_ MISS IT. It's been a long time since my initial review of Hana. In fact it was one of my very first on Yelp. I opined on my five-points requirement to get on my sushi-worth-eating list, and those first visits did not fail to impress. I spoke about my personal scale of very good, excellent and life changing sushi. Indeed, Hana is always excellent, and i may say _usually_ life changing. Over the months Lori, Koji and family have shown me the the secrets of Japanese cuisine and the delight of specially-ordered ingredients, like: -- real Japanese Kobe beef. -- live ama ebi -- live scallops -- live giant clam -- daikon delight -- zaruten soba -- miso ramen -- monkfish pate (ankimo) -- oysters on the half shell -- bento box delight -- hamachi kama -- natto maki -- hawaiian walu sashimi -- shima mackerel -- wild salmon And that's just the specials. Hana SETS THE STANDARD for quality, every time in its -- Toro sashimi -- Fresh Salmon -- Maguro so red, i've heard it called beet red. -- Ika -- Tamago -- Seaweed Salad -- miso soup And if you're feeling adventurous, many Americanized-craziness dishes abound for your culinary quest: -- Mt. Fuji roll -- Volcano roll -- Pride roll -- Lobster roll -- Hana roll SERVICE has matured into an approachable and almost joyous pride to be able to share their food with their customers. Restauranting can be such a gritty grind, but Koji, Lori and the team present their carefully chosen ingredients with love and passion every day. Besides the excellent food, it is that passion which brings me back night after night, week after week. I can see that despite my instructions against it, you all HAVE told your friends about Hana. Please stop spreading the news! There just isn't enough room for us all. LOL. Enjoy. P.S. Check out their website for social-network specials on Facebook and Foursquare. By the way, don't bother trying to oust me as Foursquare Mayor; it's a lost cause!	New transaction fee for more than one credit card; take cash or decide in advance who will pay
TYCkjEHPSJSnFb6m6GDluw	CUivTcULsu5MJIYYNVm1zw	5	FAyE91YAbvT097W0WgTc9A	SETS THE STANDARD FOR JAPANESE FOOD OUTSIDE JAPAN. _DON'T_ MISS IT. It's been a long time since my initial review of Hana. In fact it was one of my very first on Yelp. I opined on my five-points requirement to get on my sushi-worth-eating list, and those first visits did not fail to impress. I spoke about my personal scale of very good, excellent and life changing sushi. Indeed, Hana is always excellent, and i may say _usually_ life changing. Over the months Lori, Koji and family have shown me the the secrets of Japanese cuisine and the delight of specially-ordered ingredients, like: -- real Japanese Kobe beef. -- live ama ebi -- live scallops -- live giant clam -- daikon delight -- zaruten soba -- miso ramen -- monkfish pate (ankimo) -- oysters on the half shell -- bento box delight -- hamachi kama -- natto maki -- hawaiian walu sashimi -- shima mackerel -- wild salmon And that's just the specials. Hana SETS THE STANDARD for quality, every time in its -- Toro sashimi -- Fresh Salmon -- Maguro so red, i've heard it called beet red. -- Ika -- Tamago -- Seaweed Salad -- miso soup And if you're feeling adventurous, many Americanized-craziness dishes abound for your culinary quest: -- Mt. Fuji roll -- Volcano roll -- Pride roll -- Lobster roll -- Hana roll SERVICE has matured into an approachable and almost joyous pride to be able to share their food with their customers. Restauranting can be such a gritty grind, but Koji, Lori and the team present their carefully chosen ingredients with love and passion every day. Besides the excellent food, it is that passion which brings me back night after night, week after week. I can see that despite my instructions against it, you all HAVE told your friends about Hana. Please stop spreading the news! There just isn't enough room for us all. LOL. Enjoy. P.S. Check out their website for social-network specials on Facebook and Foursquare. By the way, don't bother trying to oust me as Foursquare Mayor; it's a lost cause!	celebrating completion of a 90 day project and after 2 back to back all nighters. it's a great day at Gordon Biersch.
an-ijVpGQxgiOBX9qTBOyQ	CUivTcULsu5MJIYYNVm1zw	5	ZV3W5q6Rgn2Lq0pkEVMd9Q	The Hana Bento Box for lunch is ridiculously good and filling! And the sushi is really fresh!	The Hana bento box is the BOMB!
TZn-Q7UFMo3Cp6zx4MGVDg	CUivTcULsu5MJIYYNVm1zw	4	qqfkCuSPoJPjtYCA4toBVA	I came here for lunch with my mother and sister. It was the middle of the afternoon, so we did not take advantage of the BYOB. Sadly. However, the sushi was delicious! We tried the volcano roll, the caterpillar roll, and various sashimi and nigiri. Everything was fresh and tasty. I can't wait to go back for dinner with a nice bottle of something special :)	Byob + sushi = great combination
EYADAG0AFlaeN6nXcD0JSA	CUivTcULsu5MJIYYNVm1zw	5	FCMuCWb0PBo_r2_nk2AlKA	If you're a sushi fan, you'll love Hana! It's got all of the components of a great meal: variety, value and ambiance. Ok, maybe it's a little light on the ambiance side, but they offer outdoor seating, the indoor area is above average for the non-ubertrendy sushi restaurant category, and they were festively decorated for Halloween, which is cool in my book. After looking at the menu online, I was a little skeptical at all of the glowing reviews. I'll give you a little secret: the best menu items are the specials that aren't on the menu! The highlight of the meal was the Walu tataki - at around $20, it comes with maybe 8 thinly sliced, seared pieces. Not cheap, but worth it because it's melt in your mouth delicious! I would've ordered $100 of it but refrained so we could sample other things :) Other standout items were the squid salad (not chewy at all) and the yellowtail sashimi (really fresh and a huge portion). With some iced teas and a couple of rolls, the meal came to around $40 per person. That's about normal for a sushi dinner, and we preferred our meal here to other top (Yelp) rated sushi restaurants, like Toyama. Outside of Ra's Sunday night happy hour, this will probably become our go-to sushi spot :)	Sashimi is fresh and comes in a large portion.
6j0ZYV56UrMgmZaFp7rGTg	CUivTcULsu5MJIYYNVm1zw	5	n6Y_FQ-ItmHED33fFO8P1Q	Now this is a sushi place!! Authentic, small yet delightful! You will not be disappointed with the fresh fish selections they use! I love this place!! Thank you Hana! One of the best in Phoenix!! No liquor license and so far do not charge a corking fee.	Best sushi in town! Ask for the chef's pick, they will surprise you!
3veBSoBy236fU_GOUihqaA	CUivTcULsu5MJIYYNVm1zw	4	K_FV25zZP9mJe5-TlL7mwQ	Hana never fails us. The service is excellent and the sushi is fresh and melts like butter every time. One of the main reasons we continue to be patrons of Hana is the fact that they most always have Uni on the menu. Alert: BYOB. Stop by at the AJ's on Camelback and Central for some sake to go with your meal. Hana provides a chiller for your cold sakes.	Only open until 2:00 at lunch time.
LJCDc8-riZG11cPPZUJeYg	CUivTcULsu5MJIYYNVm1zw	5	aoBtS01CbQtjC4SYi6VZZA	Sushi is very good and very fresh. Only complaint is how loud it is. Small place. So gets noisy. Other than that l, it is great! Definitely recommend it.	Great fresh sushi. Definitely will be coming back.
ICzQRk_lXToF8cY4iebjyQ	CUivTcULsu5MJIYYNVm1zw	4	qoCNjBUAg-YD-oihK_PnsA	I have never seen so many unique items on a Japanese menu before. This place goes way beyond your typical California roll, although they have those too. I had the opportunity to try hamachi collar, which was delightful. This place is BYOB, so be sure to bring something to drink if you want it. Hana has all the glassware. Bottom line - go here hungry, ask questions if you need to know what something is, and try at least one new thing. This is the place to do it!	BYOB and leave the kids at home
TooOXvtHzJbNmcZKigI30w	CUivTcULsu5MJIYYNVm1zw	5	Fwgqwmdl31H1nRORKhQpqw	The 6 piece tuna maguro and spicy tuna roll was phenoms!	The 6 piece tuna maguro and spicy tuna roll was phenoms!
PadmV2GEoA6mWpQUpPh7Ig	CUivTcULsu5MJIYYNVm1zw	5	C_K3Wau74vgU65sPzX4gAg	Came here after our Diamondbacks -Giants Game at the Chase Field. It was a Friday night, and this place was packed; so we had to wait a little bit which gave us time to study the menu. Then finally, we were seated at the bar; with a warm welcome from Lynn. Lynn was very welcoming and she took time answering my questions with the specialties on the board. Me? Lots of questions with Sushi??? I'm like a sushi goddess...but why? Well.... some of the Specials on the board were priced at $20/roll. Unless maybe it's topped with Toro.. (actually, with Toro and just Toro, it could be a little bit more) I've never seen a roll priced that much in the SF Bay Area. I was thinking maybe because fish in Arizona is expensive. Okay that could be it... Anyway... here's a breakdown of what we ate... *Poke Chips: Complimentary... Definitely a brush of flavor to get your tastebuds rolling.... *Uni Shooters: $5.00 each. My boyfriend who will never eat Uni Liked it. I loved it. If this gives a person a buzz, I'd get drunk with this every single day. The ponzu sauce brings, the green onion, the quail egg...and the uni... wow.. them all... is like seeing Unicorns in the sky..... *Hana Pride: $20.00.. This roll is so refreshing; and different and FRESH. The 2 rolls in the middle ensembles a stash of sashimi slices of 6 different kinds of fish, all held by this cucumber warp. The insight on making this roll was amazing. First time i've ever seen one. *Yellowtail Roll: One of their regularly priced roll... Good amount of yellowtail; artistically made... and Fresh hamachi. I like how the rice was even and there wasn't too much of it. *Spider Roll: I was surprised how big this roll was. Definitely a favorite. *Baked Salmon Roll: my boyfriend's favorite.... in the bay area, it's just like a Lion King... I loved the yellow sauce, the topping..and how perfectly it's baked. ***Lynn made us try fresh wasabi... AMAZING. never had that before. If you're in the Phoenix area... Hana should definitely make it to your list... We devoured everything we ordered......and Lynn was amazed. The couple next to us only had 2 rolls, with some leftover rolls. haha! Lynn, if you're reading this!!! Thank you so much for our amazing dinner!! we enjoyed your creations! ps: They don't serve beer. BUT what's even better... it's BYOB!!!!!!!!!!!	place is packed 30mins before closing!!!! sushi time to make us feel better of the Giant's loss.
0mWRAT95QOSkc_PqKTURbg	lCd20nDS9rFHW_2KViqWUA	4	Z3tcEtTmGp_c9ewWY9sTFQ	This place is definitely legit. Came here for our Early Valentines Dinner on Friday night. The owner and Chef and family are cool and nice. Chef Omar brings out your food to your table. I had a beef pasta (forget the actual peruvian name for it) but it was super tasty and so good. Also, the ceviche is just so much fun to eat and look at. Very tasty and colorful and flavorful. Only downside, my BF made reservations and when we got there one of the sisters at the front foor said we couldn't be seated because they had a big party at 8pm. However we had reservations...in which she had written our name down and finally we got sat.	Parking is very slim...this place is located in a Convenience store lot and you can barely tell it is even there. Really have to look closely for the restaurant and parking spot!
4f9rSfEUy6jxdTbFW3swpg	lCd20nDS9rFHW_2KViqWUA	5	vMSX_UT4cFTUaBez4Ln_JQ	Best Peruvian Food! I recommend everyone to stop by and try it out. Best sea food i have tasted for a long time.	Best Peruvian Food! I recommend everyone to stop by and try it out.
nCjYevElKm21rxHdiQB-xg	lCd20nDS9rFHW_2KViqWUA	5	CEulPC1F2fAbhKPaA4gvrg	The restaurant is small, but clean, Good food, and exceptional service. I definitely recommend it.	Small location, Good food, and exceptional service. I definitely recommend it.
O5VVYDMFsyR8BFpHbIiZ2g	CUivTcULsu5MJIYYNVm1zw	5	kT3CqXGad4cMfkCwb-9lSQ	Amazon food, super friendly staff. Love this place! The baked salmon roll was amazing! There's s something elegant about the simplicity of Hana. They stick to the basics. Good food good service. I'll be back for sure. Also the byob concept makes it a lot of fun. ;]	Amazon food, super friendly staff. Love this place!
CydwDRj0qqlCp6wMngeHAA	CUivTcULsu5MJIYYNVm1zw	5	UpliiBB0StkLO8hiCa8RVw	Awesome sushi spot. Very low key atmosphere. We had the California Roll and Shrimp Tempura. I definately recommend stopping in for a nice roll!	Awesome sushi spot. Very low key atmosphere.
wh9XzwPPCxyunfv1Ftod3A	1pXyaPUXMqZyxW1Ew7BLUg	5	GXSG5QQZemafvgIIHoNanA	Quelle joie d'avoir découvert ce restaurant. Il est à une minute à pied du bord de l'eau, assez spacieux et confortable ce restaurant est une merveille. La carte est très généreuse, le service fut efficace et ceci n'est pas un détail les plats étaient excellents. Le poisson était fondant en bouche. Pour finir les prix sont tout à fait correct. Le tout etait très honnête. J'allais oublier, dans ce restaurant il y a des box de Bois avec des banquettes à l'intérieur. On peut les fermer avec des drapées pour plus d'intimité. Cela a beaucoup amusé mes filles :) bref pittoresque en plus.	Excellent restaurant ! Fast and delicious
ouS-Douov6w19Xly4aKLHQ	1pXyaPUXMqZyxW1Ew7BLUg	3	4QR_1qH0Gl-egaB2o5l1VA	There's not many restaurant options in this part of town. I heard good reviews from people that live in the area, that is was reasonably priced and decent quality sushi. From the outside, Guirei doesn't look too exciting. There is patio which was closed given the cold weather. But don't judge a book by its cover, Guirei offered a cozy dining experience inside, with low lighting against dark furniture. As well, the windows are big so you get a nice view of the street/ We started off with warm sake-an excellent beginning on a cold and rainy evening! Service was fast and attentive. We ordered shortly and our food arrived within...5-10 minutes. They did start the meal with an amuse bouche---fried sushi? lol tasted good. This was followed by a bowl of soup with thin noodles, not sure what exactly it was called, but tasted yummy. I had the dragon roll-on the sushi quality scale, I would say it was above sushi on bloor, but not at the level of a high end sushi place. The fish selection was fresh tasting. I really enjoyed it. My friend had the dinner special with teriakyi salmon. It was a large serving size, he could barely finish it! He enjoyed his meal and agreed the quality level was above average. All in all, a good dining experience. The food was affordably priced. The ambience itself was relaxed. I would say the tables were half filled, and this was on a weekday evening. I would return to Guirei again for lunch or dinner. Definitely a go to place for waterfront locals :)	My favourite sushi spot in the city
D2nNZ1QfkQKti5Hiaq4IhQ	1pXyaPUXMqZyxW1Ew7BLUg	5	8tXcdP99pKAEBQph4JczIQ	Ate here again last night and I just have to say I am so lucky to live a five minute walk from this hidden gem. I eat a lot of sushi, and this place is pure quality. Beautiful presentation, fresh fish, perfect portion sizes. Just such a cute little place too. Very unassuming staff who always thank you when you leave... Or at least they do to me... Maybe because I go so often. This is not a premium, high class restaurant people. But if you want amazing sushi, you will not be disappointed.	Absolutely delicious! I recommend this place 100%. The place looks good, it's clean, the music is not too loud, the staff is very kind and polite and the sushi, extremely fresh. The spicy tuna rolls are amazing!! Wes' GF.
D2nNZ1QfkQKti5Hiaq4IhQ	1pXyaPUXMqZyxW1Ew7BLUg	5	8tXcdP99pKAEBQph4JczIQ	Ate here again last night and I just have to say I am so lucky to live a five minute walk from this hidden gem. I eat a lot of sushi, and this place is pure quality. Beautiful presentation, fresh fish, perfect portion sizes. Just such a cute little place too. Very unassuming staff who always thank you when you leave... Or at least they do to me... Maybe because I go so often. This is not a premium, high class restaurant people. But if you want amazing sushi, you will not be disappointed.	Dinner #6 is a delicious classic mix of sushi and maki. Must have.
LrH5Gpy0rlQR6Yh0VhiDRw	1pXyaPUXMqZyxW1Ew7BLUg	4	4kPB3QkxhHJskAp04B40ZA	Been here several times. Fantastic menu, reasonable prices (especially as it's tourist Haven, Queen's Quay. Friendly unpretentious service too.	Friendly attentive staff, varied menu. If you like Japanese food, try this place.
LrH5Gpy0rlQR6Yh0VhiDRw	1pXyaPUXMqZyxW1Ew7BLUg	4	4kPB3QkxhHJskAp04B40ZA	Been here several times. Fantastic menu, reasonable prices (especially as it's tourist Haven, Queen's Quay. Friendly unpretentious service too.	Nice outdoor patio usually not as crowded as Amsterdam Brewhouse. Licensed.
LrH5Gpy0rlQR6Yh0VhiDRw	1pXyaPUXMqZyxW1Ew7BLUg	4	4kPB3QkxhHJskAp04B40ZA	Been here several times. Fantastic menu, reasonable prices (especially as it's tourist Haven, Queen's Quay. Friendly unpretentious service too.	Quite affordable, outside patio facing the lake, what's not to like?!
LrH5Gpy0rlQR6Yh0VhiDRw	1pXyaPUXMqZyxW1Ew7BLUg	4	4kPB3QkxhHJskAp04B40ZA	Been here several times. Fantastic menu, reasonable prices (especially as it's tourist Haven, Queen's Quay. Friendly unpretentious service too.	Sashimi is good, nice outdoor patio
w1TjcJ6itK7LC_IY61NQIQ	0nyM_mub7LxN6Dx7tYpMaA	1	_oZzgx-nrtIQbsEutjCmBw	Eek! Methinks not, indeed! Okay, I never usually give a place a 1 star because I have this moral dilemma with it... BUT, I also never usually walk out of a restaurant. So, I walked in, was awkwardly greeted, and told to have a seat. It was lunch time, so the place was full, but not overflowing with stressed out customers. In all honesty, it was a typical lunchtime scenario inside. *I'd also like to note that I read reviews for slower than average service, so I was prepared to wait a little extra to try the food* Once I sat down, I noticed the server bringing menus over to the patrons that entered immediately before me, but he never came over with one for me. I decided to patiently wait for the next five minutes. That's when I started overhearing the conversation at the table next to me, and to sum it up: I don't know if we can stay and eat, we might have to get it to go.. We've been waiting a long time. Again, that's not verbatim, but it's exactly along those lines. I figured the reviews were right about the food prep times, and continued to wait. After a few more minutes passed by, another couple walked in, were acknowledged and seated, and after a minute, they were given menus (This is about 8-10 minutes in). It was then that the server came over with water for the first couple that had walked in before me. He then walked back to the drink area and brought out two more glasses of water for the couple that came in almost ten minutes after me. With no menu, water or sense of appreciation for wanting to spend my money at Fresh Mint, I got up and walked out. A good way to lose a customer is to not serve them. With service complaints since 2008 on Yelp, I really think something needs to be done. That was unbelievably insulting.	I just walked out. I received no service for ten minutes, yet patrons arriving after me did.
9uE0smG2bwgkI95RPj0lPQ	0nyM_mub7LxN6Dx7tYpMaA	4	YF4KDWNX1si4DhAKBcrsNQ	Decided to stop in here and do a review before heading over to my networking event. Warm inviting place, delicious scents of the spices used in the dishes teases your appetite as you enter through the door. Mom and pop restaurant, eat here to support local businesses. Hubby is going the way of vegetarian and vegan so I will definitely be back with him and my son to try out this restaurant!	Appetizing scents greet you upon opening the door and warmly greeted by owner. Good sign. Kosher, vegetarian, vegan.
qYzh89vTI1nf17q6l_bNog	0nyM_mub7LxN6Dx7tYpMaA	5	BulvuPxzeDAyCHW1J4SQpg	The food is excellent. As a meat eater I am very impressed with the assortment of "meat type" soy products.	I asked the waiter for a recommendation and it was a good decision. The soy turkey was excellent. This is a cozy spot.
Auu7ht0YPtH59cF-r8nCaA	0nyM_mub7LxN6Dx7tYpMaA	5	wPRH8DuV75GJ7nuIiVOWfQ	I've seen some comments about service but ours was good. There were many people when we came in at about 12pm. This is the freshest and lightest food I've had here in Scottsdale. Really great place! Order the Thai tea, you won't regret it!	I've seen some comments about service but our was good. There were many people when we came in at about 12pm. This is the freshest and lightest food I've had here in Scottsdale. Really great place! Order the Thai tea, you won't regret it!
zgiWETKckSxZgisDI71tng	0nyM_mub7LxN6Dx7tYpMaA	5	T5QvPASk1wCG72RXGs9-Ow	Try the kungpao, Mongolian or pho! All savory and filling. Garlic noodles toddler approved! Lunch special is moderately priced and so darn good. Brought my omni father in law and he wants to go EVERYTIME he visits us in Az. Says he can't tell the difference. My only complaint is that the desserts aren't vegan.	Anyone looking for vegan pho! Try it here
msbNF-OYhHH6FJ_oQy1-cA	0nyM_mub7LxN6Dx7tYpMaA	4	5KRQuELWJ8LGMdPJk-lqow	hmmmm. so yummy in my tummy vegetarian Asian food, not bad, not bad at all and a must try! I had a Vietnamese Pho and it was made with veggie broth which made me nervous because does veggie broth really taste good? Surprisingly it did and I had a take out and the packaging was nicely presented, with the noodles and veggies and side sauces in one container, in different compartments and the soup in a separate container, thus preventing the noodles from overcooking and getting too mushy. I have had other dishes here in the past and will be back for sure.	Fake chicken or beef taste yummy, hard to tell the difference. Cucumber rolls look delectable. Take out service is a bit slow though...
msbNF-OYhHH6FJ_oQy1-cA	0nyM_mub7LxN6Dx7tYpMaA	4	5KRQuELWJ8LGMdPJk-lqow	hmmmm. so yummy in my tummy vegetarian Asian food, not bad, not bad at all and a must try! I had a Vietnamese Pho and it was made with veggie broth which made me nervous because does veggie broth really taste good? Surprisingly it did and I had a take out and the packaging was nicely presented, with the noodles and veggies and side sauces in one container, in different compartments and the soup in a separate container, thus preventing the noodles from overcooking and getting too mushy. I have had other dishes here in the past and will be back for sure.	Vegetarian on this side of the valley! Delish. Nice peeps from Maui...
6lQqg-USl0omVBHSxj4miA	0nyM_mub7LxN6Dx7tYpMaA	5	4-63qwnv5gTL7SHh1srgSg	I love eating here because everything is soooo delicious and the best part is that it's healthy!! No guilt here!!	The tapioca pudding is the best!!!!
8NyfmvP9Zg3d3s12hxxVkQ	0nyM_mub7LxN6Dx7tYpMaA	5	7Y6a8OGWCbxKH6u0vl4TfQ	Amazing food! I frequent this place often. Their dishes are tasty and filling. Everything is fresh and made right when you order it!	My favorite healthy joint ... Yum
8NyfmvP9Zg3d3s12hxxVkQ	0nyM_mub7LxN6Dx7tYpMaA	5	7Y6a8OGWCbxKH6u0vl4TfQ	Amazing food! I frequent this place often. Their dishes are tasty and filling. Everything is fresh and made right when you order it!	Number 31 and 32 are amazing
qtRx_JjGT_Lmj1ChrZWWbw	0nyM_mub7LxN6Dx7tYpMaA	3	o1ktpUz1BGPo1QqIDqE_Lg	I truly wish I could give this place 3.5 stars. I love the concept of this restaurant. I spoke with the chef/owner's husband who was our server and he mentioned that they have a few other Fresh Mint restaurants, one of which is in Hawaii. I ordered the cucumber rolls (appetizer) and my bf ordered the pho. It took an exceptionally long time to get our food after lunch rush hour. While I appreciate that everything is made when you order it... An hour seems like an aweful long time to wait for julienned veggies wrapped in raw cucumber with a side of peanut sauce. The pho followed a few moments later. I liked it but my compadres felt it was less than authentic. Bottom line... Go here if you are in the mood for healthy fair that's vegan friendly and you're not in a rush!	It takes FOREVER to get your food at lunch! Cucumber rolls taking an hour?! (even at 1).
dGUOe2TBchiGvU1BNkmTog	jGe5sKmpIStORtVbsd9yyQ	5	X_-XYNrVe5XoeAvkDC1muw	Dr. Sheahin is great as are all the rest of the staff members! The front desk ladies are very friendly and helpful. The vet techs are very good with my dog. It's very nice that they donate a free vet visit and $200 gift card to those who adopt a dog from the humane society. The prices are very reasonable and they never make you wait too long. I am glad that I found this place for my pet care and I hope to go to them for years to come	Same day appointments aren't an issue typically and great hot chocolate in the lobby for your short wait!!
vTDIfVV-JFfyc6XZMkpk-g	jGe5sKmpIStORtVbsd9yyQ	4	aDtMUNOYtVptoOWVWKh7iA	Caring staff top to bottom. I work with them as well (I'm a vendor), so I even know the admin staff and owners.	Caring staff top to bottom. I have worked with them as well, so I even know the admin staff and owners.
cM5nBvgS1Lmmto_dCfwY3Q	jGe5sKmpIStORtVbsd9yyQ	3	RU5MuiyNXED2Z4cEiXPjXw	My wife loves the fact that this place is 24/7. I personally view it more of as your neighborhood pet's ER. It's awfully expensive for just about everything you get here. I would shop around for your pet's spa and manicure needs, but they are a professional, well maintained business, and we have high confidence with their facilities for some more of the advanced procedures like dental work. Honestly the thing I like the least is unfortunately in my case, probably unavoidable. Every time we visit, we meet a new doctor. I think maybe twice we've had a doc we remembered. Not sure if that's a turnover thing, or if perhaps it's a compromise I need to live with for the convenience of some of their "sure, come get a bordatella shot anytime for $200" availability; but I'd much rather a doctor get to know my dog a little bit and not get freaked out when my 12 pound fluff ball of terror's chart pops up with a "Might Bite" warning sign flashing in bright red letters on their computer screen.	Bring your &$!?& checkbook
U3XAhj48tztRNHs6JdgeWA	jGe5sKmpIStORtVbsd9yyQ	5	cAP_dL5GKjI_oSmhOqT4Tw	This hospital is phenomenal! I bring my super temperamental kitten to see Dr. Jaime Laity and her amazing assistant Stephanie. Both are so professional and love my little guy, even though he is not the easiest cat to handle. I am always provided with the best service and most compassionate care when I walk through the door. I wouldn't trust the care of my baby to any other facility. Extra bonus- I am comforted by the fact that my regular DVM is also an emergency care provider. I don't ever have to worry about taking my baby to another practice in case of an emergency at night. That gives this pet owner peace of mind, which is major, especially in an emergency situation.	As with any business, this hospital does NOT offer "free" services. If you walked into a grocery store and at the check out line said "I don't have the money to pay for this, can't I just have them?" do you think they would let you leave with the groceries? Heck no. *My tips-ASK FOR A ESTIMATE and ALWAYS expect to pay AT MINIMUM the exam fee. Be honest with your financial constraints*
Rh25_JrCbLsLeVSxlE1i9w	jGe5sKmpIStORtVbsd9yyQ	5	Rw13jsHImjZhSumgVkCT8g	Love this place! The staff is very courteous and attentive. Facility is always clean and the animals are cared for so well. They email notifications and reminders which is really helpful. They also have great weekend hours! Thankful for the awesome work these guys do!	Love this place but would definitely recommend asking for a price quote. Would also recommend having basic services (nail trims, glands, etc.) done at Petsmart or similar for less than half the cost.
pMefTWo6gMdx8WhYSA2u3w	WCuB-DUcyrOy1mv-TwvJDA	5	uETCBOBtDdQbZixGrRAkCg	I took a trial lesson here and they were very patient. As a result of their patience, I decided to take a few paid lessons. While the studio is quite small, there is enough parking (at least during the evening and on Saturdays), I've taken a few private lessons with them and the instruction style is a good balance between making sure you have the proper steps and making you do them right and also patience (since people are bound to make mistakes). She makes you feel comfortable as well and you don't feel the least bit intimidated even though there are all levels of dancers around you. Overall, so far a pretty good experience.	They are moving to their Port Credit location as of March 1st, 2016
zqQvStgkhzf33_VilktSxg	03SYJLErY8XpNfY-qiDZcw	5	eSZ4tegPjDYMY1Dz7RM_tw	Awesome transformation for my hair. Loved Brazilian Blowout. Affordable and also easy. Best hairstylist I found around.	Awesome transformation for my hair. Loved Brazilian Blowout
M9rRM6Eo5YbKLKMG5QiIPA	t-14bc4NIm-4RTTuwS8saA	3	3urorliL-en0iuN9gLFCNQ	6/23/16 Have always enjoyed browsing at this market by The Herb Box. I'm not much of a fan of cold pre-made foods, such as salads, pastas, and other foods that you take out and re-heat at home, or at work, but I do like to see what kind of pastries and other desserts are available. Certain selections are available at half-off during happy hour (used to be from 4 pm till closing). I did stop going a couple of years ago after I noticed that the happy hour selections seemed a bit dry and not as fresh and tasty as those I've ordered while dining at the restaurant. This afternoon's selections looked great, but I didn't ask the rep behind the counter whether or not happy hour specials still existed. On this visit, I found new products offered at the market-- Wild Tonic Jun Kombucha! [1] https://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=SKHKKSu_BENmCc1df2z3Lw&userid=M9rRM6Eo5YbKLKMG5QiIPA These are organic fermented teas made with honey. The website lists about 11 flavors, four of which are sold here: Blueberry Basil Lavender Love Tropical Turmeric Raspberry Goji Rose I tried the Lavender Love, and I fell head over heels! https://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=q0x-m0-lNVpdJwjTQFEHGg&userid=M9rRM6Eo5YbKLKMG5QiIPA It contained lavender, honey, and Jun Kombucha tea, as well as prickly pear flavor, rosehips, jasmine, and hibiscus. Its lavender floral aroma and taste was softened and balanced by the honey, and I adored the effervescent quality of the beverage! I had brought the bottle with me into the restaurant to enjoy happy hour Korean Cauliflower and had a discussion with bartender Rachelle about it. I even offered her a taste since she's never tried kombucha before. I mentioned that The Hash Kitchen offered kombucha on tap, but I didn't get the brand name-- just that Whole Foods is the supplier of the kombucha. I just looked into the Wild Tonic website and found that its products may be found in eight locations within a ten-mile radius of where I live, and among these locations are WF on Mayo Blvd. [2], and THK! I am definitely going to buy a growler so that I may try these flavors on tap. I tried both the Raspberry Goji and the Tropical Turmeric at THK months ago, so now I know I may buy bottles of these and enjoy them at home. My fave is still the lavender! Speaking of new products available on tap, the market also has (cold?) coffee brews! I didn't get to try them, nor get any info, as I was focused on the Wild Tonic products at the time. Rachelle at the bar inside The Herb Box actually told me about the coffees on tap offerings. [1] I have found joy with these kombucha offerings! Not only are these probiotics great for your gut health, but they're organic and contain only 80 calories per bottle (40 calories per serving, and two servings per bottle). After I finish the contents, I plan on reusing the beautiful blue bottle as a water receptacle. [2] Visited WF today (6/27/16), and it does NOT carry Wild Tonic kombucha among the myriad brands of kombuchas inside their dedicated cooler (across the bakery). I only know of one other restaurant/market that carries Wild Tonic's products, and that's The Market by Jennifer's in Phoenix.	New product! Wild Tonic Jun Kombucha- organic, and made with honey. Saw this at one other restaurant in Phoenix... The Lavender Love is DELICIOUS! Other flavors available.
bQABQSWl_wvqYZ6CHhJ1zQ	VkIKXVbSfcbxybbxbEt98w	5	zi4xYqOsDrr5jyJgrZryqA	Allan and Julie were really helpful and helped me find a perfect car!! If you're in need of a car go to team Ford!!	Allan and Julie were really helpful and helped me find a perfect car!!!!
1PHVlRRHZmGTQQt4_zEBAA	VkIKXVbSfcbxybbxbEt98w	1	mb4FMJL5kQmopUByGtiDRg	Brought my car here for 90k service before my road trip to San Diego and I really was expecting more. Myself and family have bought seven cars here over the years. We all have also made it a point to bring them back to Team and not just any Las Vegas Ford dealer. Thousands of dollars spent. Probably close to 100k between all of us. I bought the pre packaged deal to cover all the bases and make sure my car was taken care of. $ 830.00. I told them to call me if there was anything else that needed attention or to be replaced, they agreed. Later that day my advisor called and told me they would be keeping my car for the day and I could pick it up at 10 am the next day. No problem. I called the next day and my car was not ready at the promised time. I called back two hours later and it still was not ready. Finally at 2 pm it was ready. I get there and get the "report card" which says my timing belt needs to be replaced. I asked the advisor why I wasn't called and told of anything that needed attention like I asked. She said they could do the work and I could wait around three hours. Are you kidding me? You keep my car longer then you say, I have to keep calling to check the status then you have the nerve to offer that?!? My car wasn't even washed! I specifically asked them to wash it. They state they will wash it if your service is more then $100.00. I hit that mark 8x over with my service, no 8 dollar wash for me. ***You ready for the kicker?!?!?!??**** I received an email from the manager stating that I didn't have the recommended service done at my last visit and they would like to offer me 15% off to bring it back. I typed a nice reply to the manager telling him my service and experience was not the best. Did I receive a response? Nope! That's why it was my last time at Team Ford. They have lost mine and my family's business. I hope the owner reads this and the other yelp reviews and gets his "Team" together.	I've bought several cars here and also made it a point to only have them serviced them here. Disappointed with my service today. I will find another ford dealership for my next service and car purchase.
hk6B1ZdzI62jMGo6e2IuuA	VkIKXVbSfcbxybbxbEt98w	5	KPRebdCFDBPABsc0E4FOzQ	I have bought two cars here in the last 5 years. I dropped by to look at a Raptor pickup truck they had for sale. Unfortunately, I was only tire kicking today. Plenty of people were here looking to buy automobiles. I didn't stick around to see if anyone drove off with a new car, but there was plenty of foot traffic. They must be doing something right!	They are extremely busy doing deals today.. Several people driving away with new cars!
wfV05cpejcwjiqf1IrgeXQ	VkIKXVbSfcbxybbxbEt98w	1	HVEXn0FFOaZwB5kqkKeBGw	I wonder who is giving the 5 star reviews? Took my car for a simple diagnosis and they called me later to tell me they can't figure out what is wrong with it, so I have to pay double ($116+) to have them do so. The "service advisor" never mentioned that when I asked him what I would get for my first $116. Good luck speaking with a manager I got a hanged up, an assistant manager "just leaving for the day" at 4:30, and two "they will call you back". They are a whole bunch of crooks!! Run away from this place.	Please read reviews that are not recommended by yelp regarding the service department. Buyer beware.
cbbwwBRoEabgiGDt2QIW-g	VkIKXVbSfcbxybbxbEt98w	1	6xjeiVuTq0X9BvGvk4iJyA	Went there to try and get a 2017 mustang GT and trade in my 2012 GT premium. While my car was being appraised by Allen Turkish (stay away from this guy especially), he managed to crush a red paint can I had in the back (by moving the driver seat back upon inspection) and it exploded everywhere. He not only proceeded to continue to say it was "my fault" for having a paint can in the back seat but his manager said the same as well. After "having them clean the car" for a day, they did an absolutely shoddy job that a 10 year old could do better. They used acetone on my carpet covers (which ate them up) and there was still hella red paint on the leather especially under the seat where the can exploded. The manager is extremely hesitant and does not want to fix the issue. Still claims it was "part my fault." What was expected to be a new car buying experience turned into my OWN car losing value because these idiots. Will NEVER come back here again and quite honestly am disgusted with how they treated me and refused to make right an issue. What a joke.	Stay away! Will only get treated horribly from these people especially from Allen Turkish!
LWxXElKgmeD4a4Hzu_qc2g	VkIKXVbSfcbxybbxbEt98w	1	MEhPlKCS0f-stTET0-sIiQ	This is the worst experience on the planet since I was born. Yesterday afternoon I went to do the maintance. And they said they will wash my car, when they finish,they told me I got a good car. And I found so many waterlogging on the glasses and even the ornithocopros still on. The tire is dirtier.But I didn't say one word about this. In the evening I drove on the highway the tire low pressure sunddenly light on.It was so dangerous, so I came back this mornong, they didn't aplogize and told me that is very normal, because the weather changes to cold. You are the fifth in the morning. The British woman(named Rachel maybe the department manager). After 30 mins ,finish this. When I got home I found some new scratches on right two wheel hubs . So I return there again. She said I made it by myself even she didn't go to check. She said I already have these scraches before I came here (and the one serve for me yesterday saId that, in fact she didn't ask him yet I don't remember his name,just call him C ). I told her yesterday C checked the whole car didn't tell me anything about it, Then she asked C, C said he doesn't know. That means Rachel is totally a liar. Then she shut up about C told her about that. I want to see the camera video how this happening and let her check. She told me she can't check it now,the video is in security deparment, she only can check it after 7 days.I said can we check together at that time she said no. She told me she will let me know the result when she checked. Then I left there. I was really unhappy and don't trust her. And I returned for the 4th time in 2:30pm. I ask her check the video on yesterday afternoon and this morning, she insist to say after 7 days she can check it. And I told her if she doesn't give me an answer I will call the police at 3:00pm, she told me if I call the police she will remove my dealership from the list. I was really angry that she threaten with me. At 2:58 she asked me to come into the office, and told me they have checked the video and find nothing. I said I want to watch the video, she said no. She is really a liar. Then I parked in the back (no customer no sold car there) and call the police. Unfortunaly the police doesn't charge this kind of business. Then suddenly some assistance appear around me. One old man open the door and shouted at me to get out, I asked him why he said I tranpassing or he will tow my car...The shouting will keep on being heard in my whole life.....After u paid off the money u r not welcomed anymore. Check the photos .The liar said I hit the curb of the road and make this. If hit the curb, the whole tire will have marks or scrathes. What a bad scumbag!!! Really unbelievable!!! By the way I spent nearly $50,000 to get this car and have bumper to bumper, I just buy it 6 months ago. In fact this is not a very big problem. But they treat the customer like this.	The service department especially the British female manager I don't remember her name is so rude and not helpful only want your money and totally a liar and loser.
FqMhSiS-S8sgunya-Dt3Xw	BlD3wlsLIGRT5imf2hEljA	2	3G38qal8X82fMH_23fHExQ	I am a Las Vegas native and have been to Jeff Mitchum's gallery multiple times. The first time I heard of this gallery I became excited because we have few here. As soon as I entered the gallery I was filled with misery, another photographer had jumped on to the Peter Lik bandwagon of charging far too much per print, the over use of bad HDR techniques and blowing up their mediocre, badly post-processed images as large as possible and selling them on gimmicky metallic photo paper. The only thing worse than the prints in this gallery are the salespeople. As I looked at each image I was approached by which ever salesperson that was present the multiple times that I have gone to the gallery. I was bombarded with a lack of knowledge about photography on their half. One time I was there I was looking at a very poorly done extremely large print of a pixelated HDR image of a sail boat, the salesperson approached me and started telling me the origin of the image. When I asked her about why Jeff had decided to make a post process High Dynamic Range of a moving image she could not answer me, I explained what I meant and she assured me that it was a single image and had not been manipulated by post processing. I let her finish her sales pitch and left. About a year later I found my self in the Bellagio and decided to visit again, as I looked at the image, Radiant Wonder, I was approached by a salesperson who said, isn't it wonderful how he was able to capture such a magnificent moment in a single image, if only that were true. I explained to her that there was no possible way that print is a single image, the bird was layered on in post process because the background (waterfall) had been taken in a slow exposure. She continued her sales pitch and assured me that Jeff was a master of his art. The thing that bothers me the most is that Jeff and other "artists" such as Peter Lik are taking advantage of buyers with big wallets and little knowledge and trick them in to thinking they are buying a masterpiece, when in reality they are lying and deceiving and selling a $500-1000 print for upwards of $40,000. These buyers find themselves in difficult positions later on when trying to sell. Thinking they will be able to sell them for more than the purchased price because of the lies the salespeople tell them, few are lucky enough to sell them for $1000. Plus many of your largest prints are pixelated. RESPONSE TO JEFF MITCHUM'S COMMENT: I appreciate the response back to my comment. I strongly recommend that you do not tell someone how to spend their time, I was simply reviewing my experiences in your gallery, you as a gallery owner should look at my review as a way to improve yourself and be thankful that someone took the time to write a review about your business, even if it was a negative critique. I spend much of my time creating and shooting, I rarely critique anything, however your salespeople left me with such a bad taste in my mouth I felt it necessary to tell your future visitors about my experiences and heed them with warnings. From the tone of your comment I feel that you want me to apologize for the false information that your salespeople had relayed to me. The sail boat photo is the only photo in your gallery that I can recall being an HDR, knowing that it is not yours is refreshing. I apologize for not being aware that only your display prints have the digital signatures, it makes me happy to know that you sign and number each of your prints.	Avoid this place, photos are terrible and are more expensive than a car just because he claims he is a "master."
RQlnSCjuqMnhR3Qk6j4KoA	BlD3wlsLIGRT5imf2hEljA	5	YWetweceUtRpv0g37HjerA	A nice gallery literally featuring some of the finest art landscape photographs captured over decades by one of the world's finest master landscape photographer, Jeff Mitchum. With works recognized by the Smithsonian and also the Israel collection that will be featured in museum in Israel, Jeff has been described as the Ansel Adams of Color. The photos all look like it was back-lit, but it is actually printed on some special photo-paper with a special silver compound dye, which helps absorbs the light and disperse it throughout the photograph. Making each print a museum quality works of art. The gallery itself is not in a well traversed part of Bellagio, but it is totally worth the effort to locate and check out the displayed photos in the gallery. If you are visiting the Bellagio, be sure to stop by and experience the lights as envisioned and captured by a truly world class photographer. You will not be disappointed. The price is relatively modest compared to other high end photography galleries, but the quality is second to none.	A new coffee table book: Light of Isreal.
RQlnSCjuqMnhR3Qk6j4KoA	BlD3wlsLIGRT5imf2hEljA	5	YWetweceUtRpv0g37HjerA	A nice gallery literally featuring some of the finest art landscape photographs captured over decades by one of the world's finest master landscape photographer, Jeff Mitchum. With works recognized by the Smithsonian and also the Israel collection that will be featured in museum in Israel, Jeff has been described as the Ansel Adams of Color. The photos all look like it was back-lit, but it is actually printed on some special photo-paper with a special silver compound dye, which helps absorbs the light and disperse it throughout the photograph. Making each print a museum quality works of art. The gallery itself is not in a well traversed part of Bellagio, but it is totally worth the effort to locate and check out the displayed photos in the gallery. If you are visiting the Bellagio, be sure to stop by and experience the lights as envisioned and captured by a truly world class photographer. You will not be disappointed. The price is relatively modest compared to other high end photography galleries, but the quality is second to none.	Breath taking photography (Yes!) and insightful conversation with the art consultant too? Simply awesome!!!
RQlnSCjuqMnhR3Qk6j4KoA	BlD3wlsLIGRT5imf2hEljA	5	YWetweceUtRpv0g37HjerA	A nice gallery literally featuring some of the finest art landscape photographs captured over decades by one of the world's finest master landscape photographer, Jeff Mitchum. With works recognized by the Smithsonian and also the Israel collection that will be featured in museum in Israel, Jeff has been described as the Ansel Adams of Color. The photos all look like it was back-lit, but it is actually printed on some special photo-paper with a special silver compound dye, which helps absorbs the light and disperse it throughout the photograph. Making each print a museum quality works of art. The gallery itself is not in a well traversed part of Bellagio, but it is totally worth the effort to locate and check out the displayed photos in the gallery. If you are visiting the Bellagio, be sure to stop by and experience the lights as envisioned and captured by a truly world class photographer. You will not be disappointed. The price is relatively modest compared to other high end photography galleries, but the quality is second to none.	Nice gallery full of fine art.
oBDFjtw7kWHQ8hdvZHg9Ag	cIRZU99i82ReJxCqhgXc5g	5	jIj1E1w2GAQ0vtLYeqCpVw	Excellent grub!!!!! Mmmm mmm mmm!!! The staff are friendly and down too earth. I couldn't decide between the Sonoran Hotdog or mushroom swiss burger I had both! And I loved them both. I'm happy I have a huge appetite so I can enjoy both. I will definitely be coming back here during my lunch breaks.	Excellent grub!!!!! Enough said :)
e7qQPn31TQafYDVnKyF4ow	cIRZU99i82ReJxCqhgXc5g	5	kkT66izFd70znhE8NMABVw	Great hot dogs, fresh , and delicious. Highly recommended. A hole in the wall you must stop at.	Great hot dogs, fresh , and delicious. Highly recommended.
I5gn5tG3DfSUlVolfWiitg	cIRZU99i82ReJxCqhgXc5g	5	Fv8A8Wb1lGvvE4VBUlfKXg	Good people good service great hot dogs awesome salsa great burgers and prices are very reasonable prices	Good people good service great hot dogs
L1zbkHTPF-r-EEOjUAa_nw	cIRZU99i82ReJxCqhgXc5g	5	zHlG8kognAybkn55OWcvfQ	Tried the stuff mushroom hot dog it was heavenly, that's a real hot dog. Great Customer service	Tried the stuff mushroom hot dog it's was heavenly, that's a real hot dog
O9bIMRNCeKlrD2UZ5yLYxw	cIRZU99i82ReJxCqhgXc5g	5	Yz2KA771hme1nh63cEY5Ew	Some of the best burgers I've had. Small homey feel. Plus friendly staff. Can't stop saying good things about this place.	I'm no normally a hot dog and burger place person but this place is really good.
yyjo1KLYixx7NxrvUUAQmg	cIRZU99i82ReJxCqhgXc5g	5	AebDFMyEjLXws83Nkxvsbg	No joke, the best hot dogs that I've ever had! El Guerro Canelo Sonoran hotdogs don't compare, nor has any other Sonoran dog that I've ever eaten. Nana Tee's has the best combination of dogs and is a must try for tubed meat fans.	I dig that their products are loaded with flavor! Did finitely worth checking out
8i1-zGQofkauZAvn45oBJQ	cIRZU99i82ReJxCqhgXc5g	5	wt8J_JkaqdwiwOy6MYLDGg	Been awhile since my wife and I have been in decided to stop in again. They sign they have added to front of store looks nice. The food as always delicious. Very friendly customer service and always see them helping new customers with the menu. Keep up the good work guys.	New Mexico and Chicago dogs are really good.
HwQugs2QWyfFoJ1QsKaIhw	cIRZU99i82ReJxCqhgXc5g	5	Rt7vZWWXMGdsGl0xW6K9AA	Finally a hot dog joint! Great food and service. I had the Kansas City Style dog. Great buns and quality ingredients. Very reasonable pricing. The staff is extremely friendly.	Finally a hot dog joint! Great food and service. I had the Kansas City Style dog.
zun3MjjJmQumyVhpyfCSMA	bsrqpg0zJZG4NMhA0W28LQ	5	YyH98nPjALt0Z3DT3C9RHw	Good coffee, friendly staff Free wifi, lots of seating.	This coffee kicks the caffeine off of Starbucks any day of the week
Jp7GG-yL9WmGr6vvgQSkGg	CrwL7Y-jdzno4mmV7CN67A	5	VclTw2irHF-VMNZ9rWW5iw	The food is great. The staff is awesome and super friendly. Drinks were delicious. Good place to stop and grab a bite to eat before or after a show at the Phoenix Theatre.	The food is great. The staff is awesome and super friendly. Drinks were delicious.
7e106KrnmW_czi0dZelyGg	CrwL7Y-jdzno4mmV7CN67A	5	jmZ5O40aPt0Ptz0pPIZffw	I just had the street tacos (puerca con salsa verde). All I have to say is: wow. Absolutely perfect, and reasonably priced too. Friendly staff, low key atmosphere, and good chips and salsa all combined to make this a win. Next time I'm in Phoenix, I will be back!	I just had the street tacos (puerca con salsa verde). All I have to say is: wow.
8nSAbI-nUi0GavThHTEkJQ	RBVtuVodydOMkNr-RVTVYA	5	hleY58WNv3tWCo73rZiYYQ	My first jack in the box. Great experience. Ordered at the keiosk amd got some freebirs	free churros if u pay at the kiosk
ZPaMNOsSNtOHXE1ZN6PvCw	RBVtuVodydOMkNr-RVTVYA	5	f2LAvRziZbF1EPKNBpVBPg	Alma the manager here is the best. She is always smiling and very helpful.......,,...	Alma the manager here is the best. She is always smiling and very helpful.
mFwRTTDW0Yr-rFkTF2cFsw	Hlbv_mR8R_MFZYwcc4f6TA	2	XeOIw7HAL-nq6qMcljz3Ng	What can I say, the toys here are generally 2-3X the price of toys from Walmart, Toys R Us and even local comic shops like Silver Snail. They price their stock very high and it's understandable due to the location and lack of other toy stores in the area. However, their prices are a bit too high and exploit current trends and parents in need of the next big toy. A good example would be lego minifigures, which are $3.99 at the lego store and $9.99 at toys, toys, toys. Other examples would be $3 for hot wheels and $20 for basic ninja turtles. On a plus side however, they do sometimes have warehouse sales. I managed to get a few toys well below retail from these closeouts. Overall I only come here in a pinch or to check out new clearances.	The toys here are fairly overpriced compared to big retailers and other comic shops around the city. I only buy here when I'm in a pinch or they have warehouse clearances.
P2sQVHyHmy4WA0I7NI5hWg	ls9OapWdKvheW60_qq54Vw	4	NFgEnvisgZ_ZiqfcuDufog	In a town filled with sushi restaurants, restaurateurs must come up with exciting and innovative concepts to lure new patrons. I believe Blue Wasabi does just that in merging contemporary American ingredients with their sushi rolls, as well as providing a generous list of signature small plates for the discerning palate - whether that be seared pork tenderloin or the spicy yellowtail mushrooms. And to wash it all down, a fun and diverse martini menu dazzles its guests with selections such as the "Milky Way" (Skyy Vanilla vodka, cream liqueur, Vermeer chocolate liqueur, vanilla cream with a caramel rim) and the "Strawberry Blonde" (Skyy Citrus vodka, Stoli Strawberry vodka, homemade lemonade and strawberry puree) Blue Wasabi gained recognition and many awards when it opened a few years ago. Categories including "Best Sushi" by 944 magazine, "Best New Restaurant" by New Times, and "25 Top New Restaurants" by Phoenix Magazine. This is not the place for sushi purists. Here, the goal was to Americanize the sushi experience and experiment with many diverse flavor combinations. The sushi itself may not be top grade, but the signature rolls definitely get an A+ from me! Some of my favorite Signature Rolls: Dirty Sanchez: eel, avocado, krab, jalapeno and cream cheese, tempura'd with soy glaze Eating Nemo: Krab, cucumbers, topped with salmon, thinly sliced lemon and ponzu sauce Shrimp Bizkit: shrimp tempura, cucumber, asparagus, chipotle mayo, topped with shrimp and avocado Surf and Turf Roll: shrimp tempura, avocado, cucumber, topped with seared beef tenderloin and a sesame onion dressing The average cost of a roll is about $11, but many of these signatures can be sampled for 50% off during Wasabi's happy hour. Happy Hour is daily, Tuesday-Saturday, from 4:30p-6:30p. Selected signature rolls, selected signature small plates, salads, and sushi are 50% off, as well as the entire menu of martinis. An incredible value! For those not as adventurous, the signature small plates offer something for every palate. Starting at $5 and going up to $14, there is much to be sampled here. Starting with fried pizza rolls, the list is eclectic. Ranging from Americana's best, the hot wing, to buddha burgers and grilled miso salmon, your mouth will water, and your tastebuds tingle. Aside from the traditional sushi offerings, Wasabi also features New style sushi, such as "Cajun Spiced Seared Tuna" (my favorite here) and Striped Bass with a citrus green peppercorn sauce. The salads also diverge from the traditional seaweed and squid salads here. Try the delicious Grilled Miso Salmon Salad. The fish is flavourful, juicy, and tender - grilled in a sweet miso glaze. The salad greens are fresh and crispy, and doused in a miso onion dressing. During happy hour, this delectable salad is only $6.50 - definitely something you would expect to pay three times that amount for. The incentives just keep getting better here. Tuesdays is ladie's night, so their signature martinis are 50% off the entire day. 16 martinis can be found on the menu, as diverse and colorful as a gal's handbag collection. And did I mention they are divine? The recipes go easy on the heavy liqour, so one can easily try 2 or 3 before calling it a night. If you want to sample their sakes and wines, imports, or premiums, Sundays are ideal. If you wear blue, you get 50% off all the alcohol - a lush's paradise. Overall, I love the modern decor, the blue granite at the bar, the blue padded seats, the chilled out music that doesn't overwhelm the conversations, the clean and contemporary feel of the restaurant, the fun staff at the bar, the attentive servers, and even the edamame. Definitely one of my favorite joints for happy hour, and enjoying Japanese/American fare.	Enjoy some of their amazing rolls, signature small plates, selection of sushi and signature Martinis for half off during happy hour. (Tues-Sat 4:30-6:30)
seSrMWaUaFMhXZ-w9V8h8Q	ls9OapWdKvheW60_qq54Vw	5	gsY1hRsTdLlpv7sT9b4GCQ	It is really a shame that this location closed down because it was my favorite sushi restaurant in Phoenix. Martini's were tasty and the spicy beef appetizer( lava beef) is amazing. BBQ shrimp were really good too. Worth the drive to their Gilbert location still open if you are looking for good sushi	Location is closed but worth the drive to their location in Gilbert
ua9rBEUjtwqAJ552XZEO-g	ls9OapWdKvheW60_qq54Vw	1	vObkV-DLVVa0kCEy14MNwQ	Within an hour after eating here, I got sick. Horrible stomach cramps and throwing up. Got home and keep getting sick. I have had shell fish and sushi plenty of times before and have never been sick until going here. Service was great, our server was so sweet so I guess the one star is for her. I wont be back and risk being this miserable again. Be careful!	Lemon head martini is great!
CHvqnjqyBRuBRL4Zrog80w	pC1hkqLcrXBxrs7YgfkJ3A	4	SrYotuYU8HnuYy4HxiK20g	This store is fun to come browse whether your looking for something specific or just looking. They have unique items that other stores don't carry. The staff Is friendly and willing to help. They have all your home needs from dishes, pillows, glasses, tea pots, unique cookbooks, furniture, a snack isles that carry items from Germany, Italy to Japan. In one isle they have bins with mini snack items to create your own gift basket. The wine is divided by region such ad Germany and France. They have a nice selection of beers too.	All outdoor furniture is currently 75% off
iAd8XaHxv05iXyEiZ62Ibw	pC1hkqLcrXBxrs7YgfkJ3A	5	egmf_Rw_zwSz_y-aGQGM8A	Cost-plus is one of my all-time favorite stores! They have cool furniture, nice candles, a million things to make up your own gift baskets (including mini-food stuffs, like cheeses, chocolates, crackers..etc) An excelent wine selection, tableware, wine glasses....the list goes on! They even have coffee (though, on a personal note, I haven't found any I love). They carry Republic of Tea products, pretty much the whole line, from what I can tell. The home decor isn't for eveyone. I love it, but I know not everyone is like me ;p. Expect a lot of wrought iron wall decor, and Indonesian/Indian inspired furniture/linens. They do have a jewelry section, which is also Bohemian inspired. I think the main purpose for most people to come here would be for their do-it-yourself gift baskets. They have EVERYTHING you would need to make any of those baskets you could order online; it comes out a little cheaper, and you're able to give it your own personal touch. :)	Ozv wine is the best! Sometimes it's on sale for $9.99!!
ltjyJsQQu_AjiqS6ksxw0A	pC1hkqLcrXBxrs7YgfkJ3A	5	T4lC4TTvyIuv56o7_17Hnw	I want to live inside this store. Everything is so unique and it is really well priced (also they have great sales). When I have a house I intend to decorate it completely with World Market things!! Also, the food and alcohol section is super interesting and fun. I hope everyone else likes this place because it's where I'm getting everyone's Christmas gifts this year! ;)	I want to live inside this store. That statement should speak for itself !
WJKocp9RE0KatUwh3_DkGg	pC1hkqLcrXBxrs7YgfkJ3A	5	4gRdvQ8eXGjAWsNmTl177Q	How do I love Cost Plus, let me count the ways! I never used to shop much at Cost Plus, just the occasional rando item. But a whole ago I saw an amazing kitchen table which had four seats bolted underneath the table on a swivel. This engineering masterpiece was made with quality wood and steel and was the perfect combo of industrial and warm. I was told you can go online and place a "watch" on an item to see when the price comes down. Sure enough, a month later it went on sale for $200 off. I was in! I purchased it online and got an email a few days later to come to the store to pick it up. It couldn't have been easier- I just pulled up in front of the store and the awesome employees loaded it up for me. I tried to tip them but even after three attempts they refused. Long story long, this place is awesome. Great deals on unique items. Sign up for their rewards program and you get some great coupons via email.	30% off sale on nearly everything (not booze or comida). Godspeed intrepid shoppers.
WJKocp9RE0KatUwh3_DkGg	pC1hkqLcrXBxrs7YgfkJ3A	5	4gRdvQ8eXGjAWsNmTl177Q	How do I love Cost Plus, let me count the ways! I never used to shop much at Cost Plus, just the occasional rando item. But a whole ago I saw an amazing kitchen table which had four seats bolted underneath the table on a swivel. This engineering masterpiece was made with quality wood and steel and was the perfect combo of industrial and warm. I was told you can go online and place a "watch" on an item to see when the price comes down. Sure enough, a month later it went on sale for $200 off. I was in! I purchased it online and got an email a few days later to come to the store to pick it up. It couldn't have been easier- I just pulled up in front of the store and the awesome employees loaded it up for me. I tried to tip them but even after three attempts they refused. Long story long, this place is awesome. Great deals on unique items. Sign up for their rewards program and you get some great coupons via email.	50% off plates and dinnerware. Thanksgiving may poison my guests but it's gonna look good while it happens.
WJKocp9RE0KatUwh3_DkGg	pC1hkqLcrXBxrs7YgfkJ3A	5	4gRdvQ8eXGjAWsNmTl177Q	How do I love Cost Plus, let me count the ways! I never used to shop much at Cost Plus, just the occasional rando item. But a whole ago I saw an amazing kitchen table which had four seats bolted underneath the table on a swivel. This engineering masterpiece was made with quality wood and steel and was the perfect combo of industrial and warm. I was told you can go online and place a "watch" on an item to see when the price comes down. Sure enough, a month later it went on sale for $200 off. I was in! I purchased it online and got an email a few days later to come to the store to pick it up. It couldn't have been easier- I just pulled up in front of the store and the awesome employees loaded it up for me. I tried to tip them but even after three attempts they refused. Long story long, this place is awesome. Great deals on unique items. Sign up for their rewards program and you get some great coupons via email.	Amazing furniture sale!!!
WJKocp9RE0KatUwh3_DkGg	pC1hkqLcrXBxrs7YgfkJ3A	5	4gRdvQ8eXGjAWsNmTl177Q	How do I love Cost Plus, let me count the ways! I never used to shop much at Cost Plus, just the occasional rando item. But a whole ago I saw an amazing kitchen table which had four seats bolted underneath the table on a swivel. This engineering masterpiece was made with quality wood and steel and was the perfect combo of industrial and warm. I was told you can go online and place a "watch" on an item to see when the price comes down. Sure enough, a month later it went on sale for $200 off. I was in! I purchased it online and got an email a few days later to come to the store to pick it up. It couldn't have been easier- I just pulled up in front of the store and the awesome employees loaded it up for me. I tried to tip them but even after three attempts they refused. Long story long, this place is awesome. Great deals on unique items. Sign up for their rewards program and you get some great coupons via email.	Great store! Be patient- it's super packed but the staff is doing great job, and you did procrastinate and this is what happens.
WJKocp9RE0KatUwh3_DkGg	pC1hkqLcrXBxrs7YgfkJ3A	5	4gRdvQ8eXGjAWsNmTl177Q	How do I love Cost Plus, let me count the ways! I never used to shop much at Cost Plus, just the occasional rando item. But a whole ago I saw an amazing kitchen table which had four seats bolted underneath the table on a swivel. This engineering masterpiece was made with quality wood and steel and was the perfect combo of industrial and warm. I was told you can go online and place a "watch" on an item to see when the price comes down. Sure enough, a month later it went on sale for $200 off. I was in! I purchased it online and got an email a few days later to come to the store to pick it up. It couldn't have been easier- I just pulled up in front of the store and the awesome employees loaded it up for me. I tried to tip them but even after three attempts they refused. Long story long, this place is awesome. Great deals on unique items. Sign up for their rewards program and you get some great coupons via email.	Open till 11 this week! Procrastinators unite!
WJKocp9RE0KatUwh3_DkGg	pC1hkqLcrXBxrs7YgfkJ3A	5	4gRdvQ8eXGjAWsNmTl177Q	How do I love Cost Plus, let me count the ways! I never used to shop much at Cost Plus, just the occasional rando item. But a whole ago I saw an amazing kitchen table which had four seats bolted underneath the table on a swivel. This engineering masterpiece was made with quality wood and steel and was the perfect combo of industrial and warm. I was told you can go online and place a "watch" on an item to see when the price comes down. Sure enough, a month later it went on sale for $200 off. I was in! I purchased it online and got an email a few days later to come to the store to pick it up. It couldn't have been easier- I just pulled up in front of the store and the awesome employees loaded it up for me. I tried to tip them but even after three attempts they refused. Long story long, this place is awesome. Great deals on unique items. Sign up for their rewards program and you get some great coupons via email.	Outstanding customer service! Remarkably easy furniture pickup!
WJKocp9RE0KatUwh3_DkGg	pC1hkqLcrXBxrs7YgfkJ3A	5	4gRdvQ8eXGjAWsNmTl177Q	How do I love Cost Plus, let me count the ways! I never used to shop much at Cost Plus, just the occasional rando item. But a whole ago I saw an amazing kitchen table which had four seats bolted underneath the table on a swivel. This engineering masterpiece was made with quality wood and steel and was the perfect combo of industrial and warm. I was told you can go online and place a "watch" on an item to see when the price comes down. Sure enough, a month later it went on sale for $200 off. I was in! I purchased it online and got an email a few days later to come to the store to pick it up. It couldn't have been easier- I just pulled up in front of the store and the awesome employees loaded it up for me. I tried to tip them but even after three attempts they refused. Long story long, this place is awesome. Great deals on unique items. Sign up for their rewards program and you get some great coupons via email.	Signup for their email alerts to get super rad discounts and coupons.
WJKocp9RE0KatUwh3_DkGg	pC1hkqLcrXBxrs7YgfkJ3A	5	4gRdvQ8eXGjAWsNmTl177Q	How do I love Cost Plus, let me count the ways! I never used to shop much at Cost Plus, just the occasional rando item. But a whole ago I saw an amazing kitchen table which had four seats bolted underneath the table on a swivel. This engineering masterpiece was made with quality wood and steel and was the perfect combo of industrial and warm. I was told you can go online and place a "watch" on an item to see when the price comes down. Sure enough, a month later it went on sale for $200 off. I was in! I purchased it online and got an email a few days later to come to the store to pick it up. It couldn't have been easier- I just pulled up in front of the store and the awesome employees loaded it up for me. I tried to tip them but even after three attempts they refused. Long story long, this place is awesome. Great deals on unique items. Sign up for their rewards program and you get some great coupons via email.	This is where the Easter Bunny gets supplies.
42OtE_0L2QGG2BC43Z1K2A	pC1hkqLcrXBxrs7YgfkJ3A	1	UWLtMogXS1W0OtUYuLYUcQ	From what I witnessed yesterday, I feel so bad for the employees that have to work with the manager there. I did not get his name or I would pass it along. Maybe he needs to go back to "management school " to learn how to speak to employees. I will not shop at this location EVER! it was that bad. I love World Market, but not this location.	Horrible managment! Incompetent! I feel sorry for his employees.
puhvSlWJgh-Tf9n_UCe5vA	lOd50CiDJeNWmN_KsvR2rg	5	mOpKriWGrt__9w2J4phPRA	Japanese owned restaurant since 1972! I first came here for lunch a few weeks ago and was amazed by their bentō and knew I had to come back for the full experience. So this time my wife and I had the soft shell crab, miso, house salad and the Maka (16 piece sushi dinner). Home made soy sauce along with a amuse-bouche were fantastic extra touches. While their prices are a bit higher than some, I believe what you're receiving back is well worth it. The food quality and preparation are amazing at this deceivingly small restaurant. The owner/chef, Mr. Masuda and staff are incredibly nice, making the experience that much more pleasant. Any time I'm out and about and looking for Japanese this is where I'm going!	My favourite Sushi place in Toronto!
QMQZMi7qhYQeOfVLJlTiuw	lOd50CiDJeNWmN_KsvR2rg	5	YSF5KSnmUAUay8iD8MUs9A	I went in on the June 14th 2013 for a lunch which did not disappoint and ended up spending 2.5 hours enjoying the food, atmosphere and the company of my friend but to my dismay I discovered the chef and owner is retiring. June 16th was the last day for this great spot.	Their selection is great but you have to try the Unagi.
LvzQjTO4ffUzPZ4ZgHHTFw	XZ6cTNYjdO0MzqLqT9EMyw	5	mDJN78SWp-3mPIQRjP31Mg	Taylor ham, egg and cheese on the freshest everything bagel! Staff was very pleasant. Quick service. Will be back! Great food!	Taylor ham, egg and cheese on the freshest everything bagel! Great food!
